0.0 An absolutely interminable piece of work...
0.2 Worthless and non-sensical remake of a true horror classic.
0.125 Cameron Mitchell, playing the masked psycho, delivers one of the most obnoxious performances ever in a horror movie...
0.3 Except for some flashes in the last 30 minutes where the inherent creepiness of clowns and whispery voices buys the film some atmosphere, it's got boredom to spare.
0.6 The level of "why the heck not?" enthusiasm that Bava and Argento evidently sank into this second chapter is addictive in the same way that a sugar rush can be.
0.375 ...an even less interesting piece of work than its mediocre predecessor...
0.6 ... often laughable and unintentionally funny, but also -- surprisingly quite scary in some scenes.
0.8 Arty and scary horror flick.
0.6 Doesn't even compare to the original, but the blood and guts make it passable entertainment.
0.4 If you dug the first one, you'll probably enjoy about 30% of the sequel.
0.6 Explores the dark connection between guilt, sex, and Catholicism.
0.375 Friday the 13th: Part VII - The New Blood ultimately stands as one of the more overtly pointless entries within this franchise.
0.7 This new cleaner-looking version of The New Blood is miles ahead of what fans had access to previously on DVD
0.625 A more supernatural turn for the series.
0.5 By this seventh entry in the series, being different just for the sake of it really is justification enough.
0.5 The anxieties suffered by Tina throughout the film are well thought-out by the franchise's typically one-dimensional standards.
0.4 Does this even appeal to the hardcore Jason fans? I doubt it.
0.6 Sort of Jason meets Carrie outing that's about on par with the rest of the silly series.
0.2 The only thing that needs new blood injected into it is this franchise
0.375 turns out to be all swing and no follow-through, essentially wasting an interesting premise on tepid writing, bad acting, silly characters, and mediocre direction
0.39 When a hardcore Friday the 13th fan tells you that a particular entry is a piece of junk, you should probably listen.
0.875 One of the best horror movies of 2002
0.8 A relentlessly gripping werewolf thriller. One of the best horror films of recent years.
0.79 One of those 'exception to the rule' horror movies in which a little humour and a lot of effort go a very long way.
0.4 Pretend it's a werewolf itself by avoiding eye contact and walking slowly away. It's fun, but it's a real howler.
1.0 every once in a while, a movie will come along that turns me into that annoying specimen of humanity that I usually dread encountering the most - The Fanboy
0.75 Marshall puts a suspenseful spin on standard horror flick formula.
0.75 ...one of the better horror comedies to hit video store shelves in a while.
0.8 Stock up on silver bullets for director Neil Marshall's intense freight train of a film.
0.4 I'm convinced I could keep a family of five blind, crippled, Amish people alive in this situation better than these British soldiers do at keeping themselves kicking.
0.6 If you like blood, guts and crazy beasts stalking men with guns though... you will likely enjoy this monster.
0.75 essentially an exceptionally well-written, well-edited, well-directed, well-acted, bald rip-off of Aliens.
0.75 One of the most gloriously unsubtle and adrenalized extreme shockers since The Evil Dead.
0.5 Truth to tell, if you've seen more than half-a-dozen horror films, there's nothing here you haven't seen before.
0.7 Just about the best straight-up, old-school horror film of the last 15 years.
0.8 A rip-roaring comedy action fest that'll put hairs on your chest.
0.25 A grim, flat and boring werewolf movie that refuses to develop an energy level.
0.875 Jekyll's tragedy in this unique Stevenson revamp is that he doesn't understand that much of humanity already lives a Jekyll-and-Hyde existence -- including his unfaithful bride, who is a 'perfect wife' by day and a 'perfect mistress' by night.
0.1 Scary Movie 5 is a reprehensible excuse of a comedy and should barely be considered a film since it's of such poor quality. They don't make a dunce cap big enough for individuals this idiotic.
0.2 Railing against Scary Movie V for diminishing the series' standards would be as effective as criticising Brooke Hogan for disgracing her proud family name. And yet, the fifth instalment of the Scary Movie franchise does do that.
0.4 Enough. Please.
0.4 This is a big waste of time, drawing one more gasp out of a series that should have given up the ghost long ago.
0.2 This franchise has steadily gotten worse and worse with #5 being the all time low.
0.125 The only thing scary about 'Scary Movie 5' is the thought of a sequel.
0.2 It's crude, gross and probably wishes it was offensive but comes across as just lazy, limp and unfunny.
0.1 Don't. Don't go see this. Don't subject yourself to this. Don't subject your brain to this. Don't give these people your money and encourage them to make more of this.
0.2 The filmmakers border on sophomoric desperation, achieving a measurable shred of humor only in the outtakes during the closing credits.
0.2 A laughter vacuum whose race to parody the likes of Mama and the new Evil Dead remake didn't stretch to writing actual jokes.
0.4 The latest installment of the slick, highly profitable parody franchise.
0.25 It's supposed to be funny, but you'd have an easier time reading a zombie's pulse than you would finding a single good laugh ...
0.0 This vapid, vulgar insult to the intelligence couldn't possibly have been tested on any focus groups. Can we all now agree that we've reached the cinematic saturation point with the rapidly-expiring, Scary Movie franchise?
0.2 If I ever have to watch another Scary Movie film, I'll give up on writing, cinema, and society forever.
0.5 For the art-house crowd, who may, I suppose, stumble drunk into the wrong theater after too much Chardonnay, there are nods to Black Swan and 127 Hours.
0.0 The scariest thing about Scary Movie 5 is that it actually made me chortle less than some of the silly horror flicks it's trying to spoof!
0.2 Lacking a single honest laugh, this is shoddy by comparison with the other Scary Movie sequels... which throws it in a pit with Transylmania, Breaking Wind and Stan Helsing.
0.2 Like so much of this whole series, the mere mention of a familiar pop culture figure or title is supposed to be hilarious.
0.0 Scary Movie 5 must be some kind of psychological experiment. Perhaps the filmmakers sat in a lab, rubbing their temples while wondering aloud how awful they could make a movie and still score at the box office.
0.1 If it's even possible, Scary Movie 5 is worse than its predecessors, reaching all new heights of stupidity and fall-flat comedy.
0.2 The best part of Scary Movie 5 -- not counting the part when it's over -- comes near the beginning.
0.2 Scary Movie 5 is a dumbed down and hollow version of the franchise formula - resulting in an idiotic (and unamusing) attempt at parody that is tedious not fun.
0.05 A hate crime against cinema, a ringing indictment of the depths commercialism will go to in search of the lowest common denominator.
0.1 yap yap yap yap yap...
0.6 There are opportunities to have a good time with this film, if you are a forgiving sort.
0.1 Even if you chuckle occasionally at this, it's hard to see how anyone would want to pay to see it.
0.2 Another pointless exercise that only served to make me deeply examine why comedy was ever funny. Next time, I'd rather just laugh.
0.15 Surely we have a responsibility to audiences in need of laughter, and surely we can do better than this.
0.25 The inexcusably desperate "Scary Movie 5" is this once-prosperous series' death rattle.
0.2 You must have a better way to spend that $13.
0.25 Put it this way, there's a spoof of "Rise of the Planet of the Apes" in which gorillas throw their feces at the wall to see if it sticks, and you can't help wondering if this is actual documentary footage of the script meetings.
0.25 Scary Movie 5 is so bad, it makes A Haunted House look like a Seltzer/Friedberg comedy.
0.2 like a sharp stick in the eye
0.25 Spoofs always break the rule of half-mocking something stale, but I had no idea we needed a minimum amount of time needed before a reference.
0.25 These movies grow shorter and less funny by the year.
0.0 When you find yourself wishing there was more Lindsay Lohan in a movie, you know it's bad. SCARY MOVIE 5 is so bad that a DJ spinning a pizza instead of a record is what passes for a sight gag. Or a woman having sex with a microwave...
0.4 This is the first Scary Movie in seven years, but the formula remains unchanged, with a thin storyline linking spoofs of Hollywood hits.
0.75 A fun and very creepy zombie comedy that works because it's so damn ridiculous...
0.4 Director Victor Garcia and screenwriter Richard D'Ovidio really just want to get down to business, so they don't waste much effort on plot.
0.5 The film looks good, and overall production quality is certainly serviceable, but at the end of the day, The Damned is just another of countless horror films.
0.25 From its first draw of blood onward, it bolts down a foreseeable slasher-movie trajectory, laying on thick the dramatic irony while constantly inventing new reasons to punish its characters for old iniquities.
0.5 The Damned does all it can to make witches scary once again, but flashes of inept acting and tonal fumbles spoil what could have been a horrifying feast of riches.
0.2 Incredibly dull, dreary film wastes a good cast.
0.4 Unoriginal and unrelenting, this gothic ghost story invests too much time in banging doors and billowing drapes and not enough in its characters.
0.4 Director Courtney Solomon's script is a catalogue of the standard Exorcist-style special effects, hammered home by Caine Davidson's musical score, one of the most irritating and nerve-wracking assemblies of noise in movie history.
0.4 It really is fun to watch yet another oddball turn by Sutherland, and a marginally restrained one from Spacek. It's just not that fun.
0.4 Disappointing horror film which fails to generate any suspense or horror and is occasionally downright laughable.
0.5 Although [director Solomon] has some great ideas, they are limited, and we are therefore treated to repeats of the same basic scenario over and over again until the effect becomes tedious.
0.4 A collection of cheap jump-scares and tacky cliched imagery that we've seen a million times before.
0.5 It's less An American Haunting than American humdrum.
0.2 Labeled by some as 'America's Greatest Ghost Story,' the legendary Bell Witch gets herself another movie and the result is far from America's Greatest Ghost Movie.
0.3 An American Haunting utterly stultifies the thrilling Bell Witch legend on which the film is based; the most disturbing ghost here is the wraith of opportunity lost.
0.3 The film isn't that frightening simply because we've seen this sort of 'girl attacked by demon' material countless times before.
0.3 Writer-director Solomon simply can't generate any actual suspense. Although he certainly tries.
0.2 The star of Don't Look Now and the star of Carrie appearing in a film as weak as this - now that's scary.
0.25 On more than one occasion...a girl scrapes her fingernails across a wood floor as an invisible poltergeist attacks her. The wood floor may not be a chalkboard, but it's close enough.
0.5 Writer-director Courtney Solomon can't decide what kind of movie he's making.
0.3 Frighteningly bad
0.375 Whatever really lurks behind the story of the kinda-famous Bell Witch remains hidden in "An American Haunting," a murky script that only makes us wonder all the more: What the heck?
0.2 like spending an afternoon in the world's lamest haunted house.
0.375 Solomon's flimsy fright fable An American Haunting couldn't scare a lobbyist from a Washington D.C. politician's picnic...a sluggish period piece boofest.
0.375 If you're a believer in ghosts and spirits you might enjoy this film. It just made me want to find out what really happened in that house.
0.4 Despite . . . general bumpings in the night, not to mention several rounds of people getting smacked around by unseen hands, [it's] just a whole lot of nothing going on
0.125 Boggles the mind with how many things it gets wrong.
0.5 a cross between "Masterpiece Theater" and "The Exorcist."
0.0 Someone should call The Ghostbusters to make An American Haunting disappear from movie theaters like a ghost is expelled during an exorcism.
0.25 This is the type of movie that you should be getting for free on television.
0.5 Throughout the film, doors slam, windows shatter and poor, battered Betsy wakes up screaming with tiresome regularity; even Sutherland appears bored by it all.
0.375 There's thunder and lightning and wall-to-wall music. But it still doesn't add up to much of a movie.
0.375 The dark force behind this movie is the relentless power of cliche.
0.625 For anyone aware of this poltergeist tale, or who bothers to look it up, the victim's identity will come as no surprise, and a horror movie without a surprise is no horror movie at all.
0.375 A Post-Colonial Scooby-Doo, as respectable actors in perfectly pressed costumes run up and down stairs avoiding unseen spooks. The director stands in the corner yelling "Boo!"
0.125 There's a dark, abiding mystery at the center of An American Haunting, and it's how on earth major stars such as Donald Sutherland and Sissy Spacek were talked into appearing in this film.
0.5 Spacek and Sutherland could do work like this in their sleep ... and now we have the proof.
0.5 The impact of the old-school effects is negated by Solomon's all too contemporary stylistic overkill: Sourceless but loud 'scary' noises accompany jump cuts and whip pans, and the camera usually appears more agitated than the Bells...
0.3 Things go bump in the night in this 19th-century ghost story, but it's the bump of emptying seats, as audiences flee in boredom, that will haunt you for days.
0.625 Using alleged 'actual events' as a template, writer-director Courtney Solomon fashions a crafty mystery with a lot of joy-buzzer jolts sliding through its somber mood.
0.6 The ending is handled so poorly that you forget how much you might have enjoyed the rest of the movie.
0.7 Regardless of what you may think of Donald Sutherland, and Sissy Spacek, An American Haunting is yet another light weight PG-13 film that poses rather well as an honest to goodness horror film.
0.5 An American Haunting takes the spurious "based on real events" claim to new extremes
0.8 Gorgeously atmospheric in both the visuals and the soundtrack, and it's a marathon of high-impact Grand Dame acting.
1.0 The on-screen fireworks were reportedly fuelled by off-screen hatred, but the chemistry between the stars is unquestionably hair-raising and upped the Gothic stakes to camp shock levels.
0.6 There are plenty of thrills and no shortage of suspense in this darkly comic horror film.
0.8 Remains fascinatingly warped: an extended study in decaying flesh, set to a score mordantly trying to break into Hooray for Hollywood.
1.0 The ultimate camp-Gothic bitchfight. Vastly entertaining.
0.8 Remains a masterclass in 'uglying up' and a relevant comment on the destructive nature of celebrity.
0.8 The 1930s Lugosi/Karloff match-ups at Universal Studios only suggested the potential of what a decades-long feud like Bette Davis and Joan Crawford could produce.
0.6 It's still vivid, barnstorming stuff.
0.8 For the viewer, too, this creepy mood-piece is far from a comfortable watch.
1.0 Crawford wisely underacts -- if her performance isn't as showy as Davis's, it's not any less accomplished.
1.0 Sick! Sick! Sick!
0.7 While Crawford is rather subdued throughout the film, Davis chews up the scenery as one of the most bizarre, depraved villainesses you'll ever encounter.
0.875 the grandious acting makes up for every flaw
1.0 as close to genre perfection as one is likely to come
0.8 A chilling, disturbing movie.
0.8 Macabre and transfixing: you can smell the rotting house and relish the sweet richness of good overacting.
0.8 ...uniquely haunting and hilarious...Davis and Crawford energize this off-kilter psychological drama with calculating, campy performances
0.4 There is nothing particularly moving or significant about these two.
0.6 It's a classic of sorts, but too depressing to be much fun
0.8 A truly compelling portrait of a washed-up child star; even more compelling is the story of the peripheral people who suffer because of the misery of a washed-up child star.
0.8 It's a film that's a little slow to start and could benefit from a faster pace. But this is still essential viewing with the superb Davis in legend mode and Crawford wisely under-playing her role as the victim.
0.2 The Devil Inside is a con job; a fraud of a movie that leads audiences to the singularly most unsatisfying ending to a movie I've seen in my 13 years as a movie critic.
0.4 An exposition-heavy opening act and an abrupt lack of closure may leave moviegoers feeling underserved by The Devil Inside's few genuinely scary moments.
0.2 horror that tries to shock you as many times as possible, rather than tell you a story.
0.3 Nothing more than a tired, familiar and characterless genre installment with only the impressive contortions of Bonnie Morgan to recommend it.
0.2 A terribly written, dubious slice of unscary found footage spiritual horror that ends with an ellipsis, not a period.
0.4 Despite a clever - if not particularly original - idea, this pseudo-documentary horror movie is let down by an immensely frustrating ending and some less than convincing performances.
0.0 And in a wretched attempt to make this contrivance 'real', they resort to endless shaking of the camera. (You would love to shake them!) The only possession I was looking for in this devilish drivel was the possession of any kind of filmmaking talent.
0.2 Just terrible.
0.4 A run-of-the-mill exorcism movie hobbled by its own hype and a divisive ending.
0.4 The Devil Inside is yet another dull found footage effort with nothing, bar a mad climax, to offer audiences.
0.2 Another abysmal horror movie based around "found" documentary footage.
0.4 The Devil Inside has the occasional creepy moment but it's let down by a patchy script and some uneven performances.
0.6 Exorcism horror gets the cliched shaky-camera treatment in this chiller...
0.4 Some found footage should really just stay lost.
0.6 The less said about THAT ending, the better. But as a brief, brutal and nasty vignette showing the naked weirdness of an "authentic" exorcism, it's not sooo bad.
0.4 While the Devil might have a claim to hold all the best tunes, on the evidence of this, he really needs a word with his film development department.
0.4 A low-budget, low-watt belly botherer saved from history's dustbin by a few gruesome moments and a gob-smack of an ending that (almost) makes it worth the slog.
0.375 To pad the running time, the end credits roll at a snail's pace; they do reveal the interesting fact that the possessed woman's 'contortionist double' is one 'Pixie Le Knot.'
0.2 Call it The Blair Exorcist Project ...
0.5 Gentle reader, be prepared for a shock."The Devil Inside" is pure fiction. I know about the advertising campaign and that it's supposed to be based on a true story, but it's not. It has a screenwriter, director and everything, even professional actors.
0.0 It's not just a dull, witless, horror film, it's also an incredibly lazy one.
0.0 From the amateur acting, writing and directing to an ending that is shocking only in its stupidity, The Devil Inside will make you puke for all the wrong reasons.
0.25 A non-scary movie possessed by badness.
0.4 Another feature to remind us all just how brilliant The Exorcist was back in '73 and how almost every possession flick since has paled by comparison.
0.2 Makes you appreciate what an excellently made movie "The Exorcist" was
0.5 [A] limp mockumentary.
0.3 It's a supernatural, satanic stunt - and, judging by its astonishing grosses, it won't be the last of its kind.
0.1 Suggests at least this much: the race for Worst Film of the Year is going to be extremely competitive.
0.2 This is how the world ends: not with a bang or a whimper but with a URL.
0.0 "The Devil Inside'' usefully reminds us how little it takes to make some people scream in a crowded movie theater.
0.2 People of the world: If you find some footage, leave it be. You will likely be doing the rest of us a huge favor.
0.3 Despite a handful of fine freak-outs, this exorcise routine rarely elevates the heart rate. And its contemptuous conclusion offers a compelling case for euthanizing the found-footage genre altogether.
0.2 According to the advertisements, the Vatican did not endorse The Devil Inside. Smart move, Vatican. It's not that it's a terrible movie. It's just a stupid movie.
0.3 The film devolves into a kind of exorcism-themed Real World episode, replete with "confessionals" in which the characters tearfully air their frustrations. As if we cared.
0.4 Whatever possessed Bell & Co. to turn a slow-burning creepfest into a frenzied freak show of multiple exorcisms (including one in a moving car), the devil only knows.
0.25 You can see where this is going, and the filmmakers can see that you can see. So they rush to the hideous yet hilarious climax in little more than an hour and then pad the running time with the slowest-moving credits ever.
0.4 The "fake documentary horror film" genre seems to have totally run its course, creativity-wise.
0.5 While it doesn't exactly reinvent the inverted cross, The Devil Inside definitely puts a nifty indie spin on the demonic possession genre.
0.2 Clearly, when a cheapie pickup like "Paranormal Activity," which Paramount released a few years ago, turns into franchise gold, there's just no stopping the banality.
0.25 The Devil Inside joins a long, woozy-camera parade of found-footage scare pictures, among them The Blair Witch Project, the Paranormal Activity films and certain wedding videos that won't go away.
0.4 The Devil Inside just comes across as lazy and unnecessarily serious given how silly it becomes -- if it had just a touch of lightness, at least it'd feel like we were laughing with it instead of at it.
0.0 This is only the second time in my history as a critic that I've given a movie a ZERO score. The only thing scary about it is that people with be suckered into paying good money to see this. Would have done Ed Wood proud.
0.375 Never are you really invested in any of this, as the movie is pervaded by lead-footed artificiality and the growing stink of crass marketing.
0.4 The mother/daughter drama should have played a bigger part in this film as the 87-minute runtime passes quickly and leaves us feeling utterly short-changed.
0.25 It's better when you don't show too much - but if your story is about the supernatural, eventually you're going to have to come up with something. "The Devil Inside" can't.
0.125 Here it is just the first week of January, and already we have a strong candidate for the worst movie of 2012.
0.3 One shudders to think of how many worthwhile horror films Paramount passed up to acquire this terribly drab junkpile.
0.3 Far too cheap, familiar and flat-out dull to be frightening.
0.25 This is Mobius strip marketing.
0.0 The ending for The Devil Inside was so bad and people were jeering so loudly you would have thought Mel Gibson just walked into the synagogue on Saturday.
0.2 On the bright side, I now have my very own official "The Devil Inside" rosary beads. . .at least I hope they are rosary beads.
0.2 The Devil Inside is a terrible, uninspired, hack "found footage" flick whose trailer gives away every "scary" sequence!"
0.2 too illogical and lame to do anything but make you mad
0.25 Horror fans hoping to start 2012 with a bang are about to be in for a very rude awakening.
0.7 The Devil Inside is home to moments that will shock, scare, disturb, and leave you gasping. It's a trip to the dark side that's well worth taking.
0.2 De tao ruim, torna-se divertido. Com o perdao do trocadilho: onde Milland estava com a cabeca quando aceitou participar desta coisa?
0.53 A made-for-television movie clearly designed to capitalize upon the blockbuster success of The Exorcist, it is more worthy than its nearly nonexistent reputation might imply.
0.75 Somehow A Nightmare on Elm Street 3: Dream Warriors has always been just a bit more enjoyable than the typical horror sequel.
0.625 ...the mental-hospital setting [is] certainly a refreshing change from the suburban atmosphere that dominated the first two films.
0.5 The burn-faced night stalker simply doesn't make the impression here as he did in the former two installments
0.6 Arguably the most imaginative of the horror franchise, with a fair number of truly resonant scenes.
0.875 A great sequel
0.75 The Slasher genre took a different direction with this sarcastic killer who delights in torturing his victims, simulating the nightmares we all experience.
0.7 Parts of it work extraordinarily well for a horror film of this vintage. And parts of it don't particularly work at all.
0.6 The best 'Elm Street' film next to the 1984 original....Freddy's finest moment since his debut
0.6 Can you not love this?
0.7 The film's dream sequences are ingenious, and they feature some remarkable nightmare images and special effects.
0.8 The best of the "Nightmare" series
0.6 This is when Freddy stopped being scary. Still has its moments, in a fantasy, rather than horror, sort of way.
0.6 Easily the best of the sequels till A New Nightmare, but still nowhere near the original
0.4 about as good as this series ever got, but that's not exactly high praise
0.375 This is filmmaking by the numbers, without soul.
0.7 Fun stuff if you're sitting around the house on a dark Saturday night, looking for a flic to give you the heebie-jeebies.
0.4 Forgettable but pretty entertaining sea-monster flick with a good cast and nice Greek locations
0.4 O mais fraco dos recentes filmes de terror ambientados em cavernas, traz atores apenas medianos, um roteiro bobo e um final absolutamente desastroso.
0.1 This wannabe epic is forgettable, bland and way too long.
0.625 "John Carter" is certainly an interesting idea for a film, with a power struggle on an alien world and an outsider affecting the balance, but sadly it never ends up fully working.
0.8 If Cecil B. DeMille were alive today and given the chance to direct a special effects-laden fantasy adventure on Mars, he might have made something similar to Andrew Stanton's visually stunning epic "John Carter."
0.9 One of the best sci-fi fantasy films in a long, long time.
0.6 John Carter is a visual delight at times, but the classic story is tiresome and the characters are largely unmemorable, leaving a cold, only occasionally thrilling experience.
0.625 An undeniable disaster...of marketing. Join me on a tour of media headaches, and why they don't necessarily reflect the quality of the movie itself. [Blu-ray 3D]
0.8 Under Stanton's care 'John Carter' is the kind of tremendous fun-filled film that's worth going to the theater to see.
0.8 John Carter is for fans of pure, joyous, escapist, adventure cinema. Seeing John Carter unfamiliar with the text; it's very clear that the original text has influenced a hell of a lot of Sci-fi flicks that we've seen before.
0.75 OK, they botched the title. But not the movie itself.
0.5 Isn't the disaster some industry observers predicted, but it's not the high-gloss masterpiece some of us hoped for either.
0.5 I understand John Carter likes being on Mars (superpowers + hot, intelligent princess). I just don't want to be there with him.
0.875 John Carter is an instant classic... Disney should be ashamed of themselves for treating Mars like a red-headed step planet.
0.5 A bloated sci-fi epic from Disney that's made watchable by swell effects, passable performances and those little dashes of humor that reassure us that the filmmakers know this is all a lark.
0.8 Manages to overcome an inflated running time and occasional bouts of cuteness by remembering and embracing its pulp fiction roots as an 'interplanetary romance.'
0.4 The finished entity feels like a rip-off of a film that ripped-off several rip-offs of Carter's own ancient source material.
0.5 ...the movie's disappointingly flat atmosphere [is] perpetuated by Kitsch's competent yet bland work...
1.05 As one of Pixar's star players, Stanton is an experienced cinematic storyteller, which is why it's disappointing that his first live-action project is so unwieldy at times.
0.375 an awesome folly, a misguided project of genuinely enormous proportions that feels like exactly what it is: an impersonal product of franchise-hungry corporate culture
0.5 Romance, action, humor, and even some philosophical gristle: Is war a cosmic constant? Is anything worth fighting for?
0.5 [Provides] dumbfounding sci-fi vistas in admirable quantity if not quite in creativity.
0.6 With this production budget, you'd think someone in the creative chain might have detected that there was too much dramatic dithering in the screenplay, but entertainment factors survive.
0.7 Ignore the naysayers, this is a very enjoyable action adventure
0.875 Great fun as we endure scrape after scrape in this wild, near-hallucinatory landscape, and director Stanton finds the right balance of cheerful solemnity and cheeky humor.
0.7 It is fascinating to spend time with this visualization of Burroughs's Mars/Barsoom.
0.4 With a narrative as flat and barren as the red martian landscape, John Carter is a big-budget sci-fi spectacle that fails to excite or entertain.
0.8 ... great fun ...
0.7 It's too bad that Burroughs' ideas don't seem quite as fresh now that others have outraced Carter to the big screen.
0.5 A film version of John Carter has been in the works since 1931. That means Hollywood has had 81 years to get a decent script together and this is the best they could do?
0.4 Based on a 1912 Edgar Rice Burroughs novel, John Carter is an overlong, muddled mess of a film that should've waited another hundred years for a good script.
0.625 There are some fantastic sights in John Carter, but there's also a lot of overkill, with Stanton and crew often cluttering up the visuals with the deranged frenzy of George Lucas retooling his Star Wars sagas.
0.5 I felt like there was this awesome party going on that I just didn't have an invitation to. It seems that if you'd read the books, this would have been awesome.
0.4 There's no surer-fire way for a film to ink its own $250-million obituary than by contrasting itself to two of Hollywood's most titanic films when it only has half the heart, soul and story of either one.
0.6 There is no real sense of connection between human and alien - like between the Na'vi and Jake Sully - that would have pulled John Carter out of the grandiose B-movie league.
0.6 Chega a surpreender que uma narrativa tao absurda em essencia tambem possa ser tao lenta e frequentemente entediante.
0.8 John Carter is a product of a simpler time, when sense of adventure was paramount, and the film has this in spades.
0.7 A thoroughly entertaining adaptation of Burroughs's second most famous literary creation, with enough adventure and humor to satisfy all but those who are wholly dead inside.
0.7 The entire story behind John Carter is the essence of high concept, especially in the day and age it was originally created... a blast of a film.
0.5 It isn't that John Carter is bad, it's just really mediocre. And mediocrity is deadly in this genre.
0.5 Director Andrew Stanton, making his first live-action feature after the successful Pixar animated films FINDING NEMO and WALL-E, hasn't been able to bring anything very new to the familiar story of battles among rival forces on another planet:
0.4 Stanton should go back to making machines talk. He puts much more humanity into them than he manages to extract from Burroughs, even with all that nostalgia working for him.
0.4 John Carter's hard-to-follow story and terrible dialogue leaves it on par with that cheesy Flash Gordon remake from the 1980s.
0.1 Wall-E and Finding Nemo director Andrew Stanton must shoulder the blame for this over-bloated disaster. It's impossible to care about the protagonists, played by the helplessly wooden Kitsch and Collins.
0.6 There's a delightfully unfashionable cheesiness about John Carter, a film for all the family, but in particular sci-fi fantasy geeks and older gentlemen who have never been able to relinquish the spiffing derring-do of Burroughs.
0.7 Go for the spectacle, go for the fun, just don't expect anything as significant as the impact made by Burroughs' books.
0.25 all that's missing is a senate debate and a pod race.
0.8 This is an old-fashioned movie told with cutting-edge technology and while it is easy to be cynical about such a lightweight plotline, it is refreshing to see a movie that approaches its subject with an authentic, wide-eyed sense of wonder.
0.375 Disney and director Andrew Stanton may have dusted off the creaky franchise and wrapped it in $300 million worth of 3-D digital effects, but the final product still feels like ancient history.
0.5 It's got the schmaltz and grandeur of the 80s Clash of the Titans but little of the warm wonder that made that spectacle such an addiction.
0.75 This hodgepodge falls together neatly, because we know the film will go exactly where we want it to go, right down to the intervention by a faithful, comic animal sidekick (a Pixar specialty).
0.6 Mars-based action epic has strong fantasy violence.
0.75 Fortunately for viewers, the film is directed by Pixar sensation Andrew Stanton (Finding Nemo, WALL-E), and the visual effects are, literally, out of this world.
0.75 Directed and co-written by Andrew Stanton of "Finding Nemo," "Toy Story" and "Monsters, Inc." fame, the fun but sometimes confusing "John Carter" may launch the next big sci-fi-adventure franchise.
0.75 Since its story inspired every mainstream fantasy right up to Avatar, John Carter may seem a little old-fashioned, but it's a solid piece of fantasy entertainment that's equal parts corny and poignant.
0.625 Comical Woola, a faithful dog-like creature that travels at Road Runner superspeed, steals every scene. He's the 'John Carter' equivalent of Uggie, and the movie, sad to say, needs him.
0.875 John Carter, a rousing science-fiction adventure adapted from Edgar Rice Burroughs' early 20th-century pulp novels, is a rare bird that's at the same time strikingly modern and engagingly old-fashioned.
0.75 "John Carter" enthusiastically remains a pulp story at heart.
0.75 Visionary and philosophical, with the sort of complex allusions to death, immortality and the destruction of civilizations that you don't expect from a $250 million film.
0.625 Whenever the fighting stops and two people have to stand and talk, all the air goes out of everything. Suddenly it feels as if we're in an empty theater, watching a dusty old sword-and-sandal epic.
0.375 "John Carter's" biggest miscalculation is the casting of Taylor Kitsch as Carter. He is too soft and wooden. He lacks the gravitas needed to be an inspirational leader, no matter how high or far he can jump in Barsoom's lesser gravity.
1.05 While we can still marvel at the amazing sights laid out before us, it is imperative that we never lose sight of who's who and what's at stake. That turns out to be a tall order.
0.8 Saturday afternoon matinee fun. Think Conan the Barbarian clashing with the gods of Clash of the Titans who are conquering Mars, Gladiator style.
0.5 Director Stanton has yet to find his rhythm in this new-to-him discipline. Though the 3D Mars-scape and fantastical creatures offer fun viewing ... he can't quite conquer the human beast.
0.58 John Carter is arriving late to the party, after George Lucas had already pillaged the source material and squeezed it for every dollar it was worth. Stanton has created a sci-fi adventure that feels both old hat and sub-par.
0.75 I just had fun at John Carter. Stupid, old school, science fiction fun. It's the kind of science fiction that doesn't get bogged down in the science part and fully embraces the fiction.
0.5 This is truly a story I'd rather go to the library and read then watch again.
0.6 For all of the love and money lavished upon John Carter it ends up feeling a touch musty and overly familiar.
0.5 Confusing and, at times, positively frustrating, John Carter is a film that screams too much post-production tinkering. During the screening, I actually turned to Film Fix co-host Jeff Marker and asked him if we had missed a reel.
0.125 If John Carter was a date, you would be running off to the bathroom to call a friend, so the friend would call you ten minutes later with an "emergency", so you could get away.
0.5 Surprisingly humorless, unevenly jumbled fantasy - Blame it on solar flares!
0.5 It isn't bad so much as innocuous, $250-million worth of innocuous, framed by a decent start and a solid finish but sagging through the long middle like a cheap mattress.
0.5 Please fight somebody, John! At least it'll stop them from talking.
0.625 Though messy and overlong, it's an enjoyable throwback to the movie spectacles of a more innocent age.
0.25 Gets off to such an incoherent start that it takes almost the entire, interminable two-hour-plus running time to catch up.
0.5 It's easy to be fascinated with how John Carter looks, but it's difficult to get emotionally involved.
0.625 Like any template, it has the skeleton but is missing the meat.
0.75 Suffers from a convoluted plot and an anticlimactic resolution, but hits enough high notes along the way to be enjoyable.
0.5 The villains are overwrought and the design of Mars is surprisingly bland.
0.25 "Thank God that's over with!" one character utters near the end of "John Carter." No spoken words have ever been truer.
0.6 Kitsch...makes for an excellent hero, even managing to make a loincloth look like this year's must-have item.
0.6 Incredibly well made and heroically performed. It also really delivers when it comes to creating a strange alien world.
0.0 Stanton's screenwriting skills are, on this evidence, slightly below those of George Lucas, so there's plenty of clunky exposition and such inadvertent laugh-lines as: 'I would lay down my life for Helium.'
0.75 The visuals are stunning, the battles are exciting and the supporting cast is strong. Why, then, did Disney stupidly do everything they could to ensure that it would fail?
0.25 There's nothing to see, nothing to think about, nothing to care about, and nothing to feel, just emptiness. The emptiness is never filled over the course of 132 long, barren minutes.
0.2 Amazing how little a century of anticipation and $250 million buys out these days
0.4 There's a lot of hokey fun in old pulp stories like Burroughs', but John Carter fails to capture any of that charm.
0.4 Like watching a storm; yes there are flashes of lightning but most of the time you're just staring at boring grey clouds. After enduring the 132 minutes of John Carter tug-of-war it's not a complete win for team terrible but pretty damn close.
0.6 Messy and chaotic ... but also colorful and kind of fun.
0.625 Kitsch, best known for TV's "Friday Night Lights," proves able to front a movie. The Canadian is as reliable as "Avatar" lead Sam Worthington, with a mix of good looks, brawn and generic heroism.
0.4 It starts with a great story - of love and politics, time travel and mystical pathways between planets - badly sucked dry.
0.5 There's a lot of coming and going in 'John Carter,' and most of the time I wasn't exactly sure where they're coming from or going to.
0.6 All of these characters, and the richly detailed backdrops, are utterly immersive and lifelike - even without the completely unnecessary 3-D.
0.25 It's hard to believe Pixar's founder would have signed off on this project. The film is as overcomplicated, bloated and crash-prone as a bad-old-days Microsoft release.
0.625 There's something generic about the digitally rendered Martians (whatever their stripe and skin tone), and there's a corniness to the dialogue that keeps the audience from any kind of emotional attachment to the Tharks and Zodangans and their ilk.
0.625 "Carter" is so good-natured, and so goofy, that it's hard to completely dislike. But impossible, I think, to understand.
0.75 Against the odds, "John Carter'' is itself pretty amazing - an epic pulp saga that slowly rises to the level of its best imitations and wins you over by degrees.
0.4 For Pixar prodigy Andrew Stanton directing and co-writing, it was obviously a labour of love. But for two hours, as with any problem birth, we get more labour than love.
0.625 "John Carter" may not be a perfect movie, but it's one where you can safely plunk down your money, grab your box of popcorn and come away reasonably satisfied when the closing credits roll.
0.8 A true thinking man's thrill ride.
0.25 It looks as if Disney simply borrowed and recycled the sets of Prince of Persia and Gladiator, adding leftover props from The Phantom Menace and Cowboys and Aliens.
0.8 Sets a high standard for the event movies to follow.
0.75 John Carter is so eager to please that, despite its overblown execution, it still manages to feel intimate and fun.
0.7 Disney bet a whopping $250 million on this becoming its next big franchise, and personally, I'm hoping audiences fall for this displaced yet dashing Southern gentleman and his newfound life abroad.
0.375 Even genre film lovers have standards, and "John Carter" doesn't meet them.
0.625 Like its four-armed Tharks and its ten-legged Calot, this adaptation of Edgar Rice Burroughs's series of sci-fi novels has too many moving parts for its own good.
0.2 I felt as if someone had dragged me into the kitchen of my local Greggs, and was baking my head into the centre of a colossal cube of white bread.
0.6 While "John Carter" is undeniably silly, sprawling and easy to make fun of, it's also playful, genuinely epic and absolutely comfortable being what it is. In this genre, those are virtues as rare as a cave of gold.
0.625 I liked it, and if you're a sci-fi/fantasy fan, you'll probably like it even more.
0.4 It looks fantastic and youngsters may find the exotic universe compelling enough but the result is sadly soulless and unexciting.
0.4 The overriding feeling with John Carter is that there is an epic film to be made from this material, but this just isn't it.
0.4 It feels less like a revival of a classic saga than a rip-off twice removed. Almost everything on screen is old hat, and the few details that have remained fresh for the past 100 years haven't been imitated for good reason.
0.8 An oft-confusing, occasionally silly mega-expensive thrill ride that, for sheer audacity, is the biggest thing to come down the cinematic pike since Avatar.
0.625 Beautifully-realized visuals nearly make up for the well-worn story in this Disney adaptation of the Edgar Rice Burroughs character.
0.75 Not your grandfather's John Carter.
0.5 The difference with Indiana Jones or Pirates of the Caribbean is that most of their action is memorable and filtered through a charismatic hero who fills in the downtime. The flat turns the story takes make it more The Adjustment Bureau meets Spaceballs.
0.625 Often feels silly but only occasionally fun.
0.8 This lavish production of Tarzan creator Edgar Rice Burrough's space adventure has much to recommend it.
0.375 A cheesy looking (the 3-D adds nothing to the picture) quasi-epic filled with dullish characters and chaotically staged action scenes.
0.5 The major problem here is one of rooting interest. I hate to sound like a mogul, or a focus group ho, but at the center of this picture is a flat, inexpressive protagonist played by a flat, inexpressive actor.
0.625 The action sequences are generally well-executed, but they're too much of a muchness. CGI makes them seem too facile and not tactile enough.
0.6 It overcomes the adversity of cliche by being exciting and mildly intelligent, with a sufficient amount of humour and heart.
0.75 ...has more personality than anyone should rightly expect from a two-hour-plus, CGI-heavy, sci-fi fantasy epic.
0.375 Yes, there is life on Mars in "John Carter," and it's deadly dull.
0.4 It's sometimes wondrous and often amazingly goofy.
0.85 A modern pulp adventure in the classic Spielberg and Lucas vein, John Carter is exactly what pointless entertainment should be but often isn't
0.85 Andrew Stanton has created a fantastic and magical epic that makes "John Carter" the rightful heir to the Star Wars legacy.
0.75 John Carter manages to be a ridiculous amount of fun, even if you are immune to the charms of Taylor Kitsch running around in what amounts to a stylish loincloth.
0.5 Somehow, despite that boatload of talent, the movie never really comes together.
0.6 Director Andrew Stanton has a strong sense of what makes "adventure" adventurous, helping John Carter encapsulate everything about a great time at the movies.
0.4 The film is at least half-an-hour too long and is often as dull as Will Smith's repulsively silly Wild Wild West.
0.6 An adventure that feels real and fantastical at the same time.
0.8 Beautifully designed and impressively directed, this is a thoroughly enjoyable, emotionally engaging space opera with an intelligent script, strong characters, terrific special effects and superb performances from Taylor Kitsch and Lynn Collins.
0.4 Aside from a few inspired vistas and alien life-forms, John Carter is as deadly dull as its basso-voiced, beefcake slab of a star.
0.25 It's hard to care about anything going on in this shapeless would-be franchise, which lurches from scene to scene without building any real excitement.
0.125 It's both abrupt and languorous, a wall-to-wall exhibition of design work where nobody had the basic decency to make sure the designs were good.
0.6 Lavish and lengthy, it has the spectacle and spirit of a Saturday matinee movie but not its fleetness or fun.
0.8 For me, this is the first movie of its kind in a very long time that I'd willingly sit through a second or even third time.
0.8 A terrific time at the movies. Comes a lot closer to being on-par with the beloved sci-fi movies of our youth than most modern blockbusters.
0.6 A very entertaining, unusual and loveable mess.
0.6 Just about every sci-fi/fantasy/superhero adventure you ever loved is in here somewhere.
0.9 A fun story, impressive alien world, and cool 3D effects make John Carter a surprise treat that may not have been on your radar.
0.4 Arid, barren Barsoom is a dull environment for a sci-fi blockbuster, and the consequences of the conflicts happening on screen are small. John Carter just never pulled me in.
0.6 A handsome new sci-fi adventure that feels rather familiar. Enjoyable enough while it lasts, John Carter is big on ambition and disappointingly short on action.
0.4 The story veers between interesting, boring and borderline incomprehensible.
0.8 John Carter is a fantastic fusion of old-fashioned adventure excitement and modern blockbuster spectacle. In short, it's wonderful.
0.8 Lynn Collins's feisty Dejah Thoris is the best kick-ass sci-fi princess since Leia
0.8 When John Carter moves up the gears it's an accomplished blockbuster packed with pulse-racing action.
0.5 Perhaps the sequel - if we ever get there - will fill in the gaps and expand on John Carter's legend now all the expositional heavy-lifting has been done. But is that an acceptable excuse for an epic to be this underwhelming?
0.8 John Carter is a fun blockbuster. There is fun in its action scenes, in its jaw dropping imagery and especially in its surprising sense of humour that Andrew Stanton melds well with its brand of sci-fi spectacular.
0.5 Nowhere near as good as the first, and lacks the traces of true stupidity that make the latter two fun bad movies.
0.6 Rather redundant, rather biting. What, fish again?! Still, not a bad sequel.
0.2 Roy Scheider is the only redeeming quality of this sequel.
0.8 A vastly underrated sequel with plenty of shocks and nail-biting tension. Not quite up to the original, but still loads of fun.
0.8 Delivers [Nearly] as much as the first
0.2 The first of three crummy sequels unworthy of the original.
0.625 ...Jaws 2 hits a qualitative ceiling due to the joint absence of Steven Spielberg and Academy Award-winning editor Verna Fields.
0.75 the filmmakers did everything they could to breathe new life into the material without forgetting what had made that material work in the first place
0.6 Overall, Alpha Alert delivers a decent thriller for a smaller direct-to-video scale production.
0.0 Here's a 'Christian movie' that's an embarrassment to a genre that doesn't exactly have a reputation for producing great art.
0.5 The first half of The Visitation moves slowly and surely, building an appropriate level of edgy suspense before disintegrating into standard horror-flick cliches.
0.5 You could rent it for the religion, the kooky cast, or for the B-movie fun of it.
0.4 Strange, disjointed; full of sex and violence.
0.875 It's pensive male anxiety, and for some cultural reason it's easier for audiences to accept female hysteria than the insecurities of men.
0.8 Mesmerizing yet cold and remote -- an exotic fish we can't touch.
0.8 Ambicioso do ponto de vista narrativo e fotografado de forma sombriamente evocativa, o filme merece creditos por acreditar na inteligencia do espectador, mas acaba parecendo um exercicio para o superior Cidade dos Sonhos.
0.875 Director David Lynch, the master of creepiness, is back with a femme fatale film that's sinister, disquieting and deliberately obscure.
0.2 Too weird, even for David Lynch
1.0 The Man With No Eyebrows will go down in my books as the single greatest fictitious creation of all time.
0.6 Best on the big screen for the full effect. Consume alcohol afterwards.
0.625 Visually arresting, the movie does keep you going until the finale confirms suspicions that Lynch has painted himself into a corner.
0.5 Lynch's bizarre, dream-like approach is as fascinating as ever... and every bit as frustrating as well.
1.0 Love it or hate it, such a feat of highly demented cinematic imagination simply must be seen.
0.7 The Katakuris may not be your typical innkeepers, but the family that sings together and buries dead bodies together, stays together...this is hilarious, macabre, and entertaining.
0.5 It's shot and acted in a way that's hastily, amateurishly theatrical, through digital photography that tries to look beautiful but just plain can't.
0.75 It's weirdly -- and often wonderfully -- entertaining.
0.4 It's freakishly interesting and even outright hilarious at times, but, then again, so are most funerals.
0.625 By the second hour, Miike's story fails to punctuate its powerful setup, and the work, much like the family itself, ends up a tangled mess.
0.25 There are so many moments in Happiness of the Katakuris that beg us to walk out on the movie, it's hard to pick just one.
0.5 A kind of strange, existentialist comedy.
0.75 It's a ball when it works, which is why fans of Lars von Trier's Dancer in the Dark, Francois Ozon's 8 Women, and other darkly inspired, genre-bending musical fusions must introduce themselves to the Katakuris.
0.75 Miike is also counting on the fact that even if you've seen his other films, they won't help you one whit.
0.5 Hardcore Miike fans may want to catch this uncharacteristically upbeat curiosity; however, everyone will be much happier without the Katakuris.
0.4 None of this is nearly as hilarious as surely it was meant to be.
0.6 In this genre-bending celebration of family values, Miike delivers an imaginative and deliciously delirious mixture of jet black humor and schlock horror.
0.875 Katakuris doesn't disappoint, except in that it provides pretty much exactly what one would expect from a Miike musical.
0.7 Anyone with a weakness for song-and-dance dementia on the level of Forbidden Zone and Cannibal! The Musical will find all this irresistible.
0.75 Though uneven, this genre-defying creation's spectacle is still never less than awesome to behold.
0.5 Basically a one joke film, it goes on too long and boredom sets in.
0.7 It is enormously entertaining, and it marks a refreshing change of pace for the versatile Miike.
0.2 A sour camp musical that trots out most of the standard signifiers of 'outrageousness.'
0.65 Aggressively uneven and frequently humdrum, it also reaches cheerfully ludicrous heights to which few films even aspire.
0.625 Anyone who lasts the distance will be treated to some truly absurd sequences.
1.0 I swear, you'd think the Katakuris were Fraggles. Any kind of situation is prime reason for these people to burst out into a full-blown musical number...
0.4 It's one of those movies that looks like it was a gas to make. To watch, though? Not so much.
0.8 Deliriously silly!
0.125 The really frustrating thing about Tomatoes is the toothlessness of its satire.
0.2 Lousy movie with a catchy titles
0.3 Turned into a B movie classic based on its title alone.
0.5 I don't care if it's "so bad it's good" -- there's some seriously funny bits in this otherwise disposable cult flick.
0.125 Annabelle's problems are legion but let's start with the bait-and-switch hook that promises a killer doll and instead delivers a shadowy gargoyle.
0.375 Watching Annabelle is like watching a movie you've seen a dozen times before, just with different actors and slight variations on the same scare tactics.
0.5 An average kind of horror story, 'Annabelle' is a prequel to the far superior 'The Conjuring' from last year.
0.5 ...a slightly above average yet run-of-the-mill ghost story...
0.1 Useless, completely useless: clumsily made and criminally underwritten.
0.5 All in all, Annabelle is well-made and contains a few moments that might look great out of context, but its story is too thin to recommend this to anyone but hardcore fans of The Conjuring.
0.4 It's a few good shock effects and a lot of ho-hum.
0.4 The demonic doll from The Conjuring gets her own unsubtle, repetitive horror flick.
0.2 Cynical, forgettable and vastly inferior to Curse Of Chucky.
0.6 The scares are orchestrated with more flair than usual, even if the best of them are all spoiled in the trailer.
0.4 The toy in this prequel to agreeable period horror The Conjuring could hardly seem more sinister if it had presented Top of the Pops during the 1970s
0.5 With Alfre Woodard as yet another of those hardworking and self-sacrificing movie black women who takes one for the team, 'the team' being affluent, elegant white folks.
0.6 Annabelle works reasonably well in the first half, building up a nice sense of impending dread. It borrows heavily from Rosemary's Baby before turning to a by-the-numbers litany of standard shock tactics.
0.6 The set-pieces are effectively handled, with a few goose-bump moments along the way, but the story makes no sense whatsoever.
0.4 This film is very much stock schlock.
0.3 Why would you want a doll looking as ugly as that in your collection in the first place?
0.3 The Polanski rips begin with the obvious (having a couple named Mia and John, as in Farrow and Cassavetes, is about as blatant as you can get) and continue throughout, to an annoying degree.
0.4 Well acted, slickly produced and will make you jump - such a shame it somehow adds up to less than the sum of its parts.
0.4 That creepy grinning doll from The Conjuring gets its own origin story in this disappointingly banal supernatural spin-off.
0.6 Um passatempo suficientemente divertido para nao comprometer nossas lembrancas do longa original.
0.4 Annabelle, who takes an hour to stand upright, will go down as the laziest devil-doll in movie history; compared to her, Chucky's a Harvard MBA prospect.
0.4 A couple of good jumps but this Conjuring spin-off is led down by poor writing, anodyne leads and and overwhelming sense of familiarity.
0.6 As the cheap shocks are ramped up, the film's ablility to genuinely disturb recedes.
0.4 This superfluous prequel is just as needless and unnecessary as it sounds, as what can only be described as a meagre counterpart to its originator.
0.4 Every expense, basically, has been spared that might have imbued Annabelle with formidable qualities as an agent of evil. She's just a glorified prop, an excuse for bad things to happen to uninteresting people.
0.2 Want to know what's really scary about Annabelle? Its staggering lack of imagination.
0.7 Annabelle ranks as one of the most entertaining Hollywood horror outings of the year.
0.6 A neatly packaged prequel which is better than it deserves to be thanks to a convincing performance from the aptly named Annabelle Wallis, and a couple of genuinely frightening set-pieces.
0.3 Dull-witted, stiff, and predictable.
0.625 ...(just) enough atmosphere and original scares to satisfy your Halloween craving...let's have a REAL case file from the Warrens for the next film installment, shall we?
0.7 An excellent prequel to The Conjuring, this frightfest, beautifully directed by John R. Leonetti, takes us back to the early 1970s for an nerve-jangling, first-class haunting stuffed to the gills with old-school spookery.
0.2 A tedious, strictly superficial fright-flick....
0.6 If you can identify with John and Mia-who seem to be named for the actors who played the lead couple in "Rosemary's Baby"-then this is a movie that will have you on edge.
0.7 While it's not as well constructed as The Conjuring was, Annabelle still is a lot of fun to watch.
0.68 A pleasant surprise at the movies this weekend...and in the household of evil dolls, she wears the pants.
0.4 Unfortunately, Annabelle can't sustain much tension before fizzling out into a boringly repetitive exercise in rehashed scare tactics. The Conjuring this is not.
0.25 Run! Run for your lives! And don't forget to ask for your money back on the way out!
0.4 Being startled is not the same as being scared, and speaking on behalf of other hardened critics, I have to say we weren't scared for a moment.
0.8 Annabelle knows how to play with its toys.
0.5 There's real craftsmanship to the film, but it's in service of a story that can't quite support it.
0.625 It's far from groundbreaking but offers a few great scares (though some are more "earned" than others").
0.7 It's not in the same league as The Conjuring, which was more agile in its treatment of familiar plot devices, but it's a worthy entry for a chilly October.
0.6 Annabelle works up enough frights that you may want to get that doll collection out of the house.
0.6 Annabelle doesn't bring a single new idea to the screen, and most of the scares are of the jump-shock variety. But some of the old standbys still work.
0.375 As undistinguished, uninteresting, and unscary as the worst of the Chucky films.
0.25 It offers surface level scares without the undercurrent of humanity needed to make them register.
0.75 If you're sighing heavily at the thought of yet another stupid horror movie involving an evil doll, here's a pleasant surprise: Annabelle is actually rather decent at raising the goose bumps.
0.3 Just a low-budget quickie designed to cash-in and cash-out. Nothing you haven't seen a million times before.
0.5 Ninety-plus minutes later, we're still waiting to see why this creepy doll deserves her own horror franchise.
0.4 Like all horror movies, it starts with a really dumb premise. No one I know would buy a doll that ugly and put it in a newborn's bedroom. The movie goes downhill from there.
0.4 Laughworthy bumps in the night, creaky rocking chairs, a demon-infested basement and more gliding baby carriages than an '80s De Palma film.
0.25 You have to expect a certain camp factor when the movie is about a haunted doll. They should have embraced it, owned it and exploited it.
0.4 Director John R. Leonetti photographed 'The Conjuring,' and he brings the same prowling, creeping camerawork to bear on an even less credible spook tale.
0.5 A haunted doll movie that aspires to class, with means both legitimate and dodgy.
0.625 [P]erhaps the movie's biggest surprise is that it isn't entirely pointless.
0.4 Leonetti's prequel is about as lifeless and wooden as the Annabelle doll herself, despite trying to mimic James Wan every step of the way.
0.375 In horror, there really is nothing new left to discover under the devil moon, so the secret to startling audiences, or at least raising hairs on the backs of necks, lies in deft direction and editing, both missing here.
0.5 Where "The Conjuring" was more of a full meal. "Annabelle" just leaves you hungry for more.
0.5 once it establishes its patterns, it becomes as predictable as Hollywood's desire to spin The Conjuring's $300 million box office into a franchise
0.375 It's all a far cry from James Wan's The Conjuring, which embraced the thrill of the paranormal even as it respected its frazzled, earthbound characters.
0.625 Each time a character gets tossed in the air by some manifestation or another, the effect is cheesy. Still, I've seen worse.
0.2 A vortex of visual cliches beyond rescue.
0.5 At the end of the day Annabelle is not a bad movie... it's just not a very good one.
0.625 While the film isn't clever or original, it is reasonably scary, especially when it knocks off the preliminaries and gets to the good stuff.
0.375 The story is a mishmash of demonic possession, Satanic killings, machines suddenly switching on and off and vacantly-staring figurines. It's more familiar than frightening. And the human actors are no more compelling than the poker-faced dolls.
0.375 Not only does Annabelle lack the qualities that made the original Conjuring frightfully realistic, this preposterous prequel presents people so deprived of personality and perception that you almost root for the demons.
0.6 Serviceable, but not particularly memorable.
0.375 "Annabelle" is so lazily coat-tailing on Roman Polanski, they should have called it "Rosemary's Barbie."
0.5 The movie tries to be more than just a creepy doll freakout, and delivers the requisite scares.
0.8 Surprisingly effective, this horror movie knows how to build real suspense and then pay it off with great scares.
0.25 It has its unnerving moments, but they're outweighed by the sheer stupidity and predictability of the story.
0.6 It's not quite on the same level as The Conjuring (one of the scariest films in recent memory), but it's also far from the cash grab, low-rent spin-off that it could have been.
0.6 Annabelle deserved a story of her own, not one stitched together from the carcasses of others.
0.75 Not only withholds the dignity of "The Conjuring," but actually surpasses that film's fiendish parade of frights. For horror enthusiasts in search of a serious tingle in their spines, "Annabelle" delivers in spades.
0.4 Wan made Annabelle creepy in just a few short minutes; Leonetti takes an entire feature to make her uninteresting.
0.5 Annabelle drifts away from these potentially interesting elements into a more predictable collage of frights, demons and flickering lights, a grab bag of set pieces, red herrings and familiar occult tropes that never add up to much.
0.5 Old fashioned, old school, passively-acted with the simplest of effects. But frightening? Surprisingly, yes.
0.4 More stupefying than scary, Annabelle takes whatever promise there was of a Conjuring franchise and flushes it down the bowels of Hell with its uninspired direction and wooden performances.
0.3 While this film is true to its predecessor, it does have a distinct direct-to-DVD feel to it.
0.625 ...a better-than-expected direct-to-video sequel...
0.2 Go on the Disney ride instead. It's over sooner.
0.45 Beautiful production design and bags of promise give way to disappointment in this family comedy.
0.75 A thunderstorm of mysterious origin traps the old mansion.
0.4 Regardless of all the ghosts, or maybe because of them, The Haunted Mansion is one lifeless, spiritless affair.
0.2 Eddie Murphy, fresh from a string of wearyingly bad performances in really horrible features, pulls The Haunted Mansion down around him with record-breaking speed
0.625 You wonder why you're willing to wait an hour-and-a-half to go on it for the umpteenth time.
0.2 Uma comedia de horror que nao assusta nem faz rir.
0.4 Comic thrillers are always risky, but this one lacks even a hint of badly needed black humour.
0.2 Mansion is as dead as the spirits who haunt its unspooktacular walls.
0.2 Hauntingly Bad.
0.125 ... essentially a soulless collection of episodic gags... only serves to hammer a few more nails into [Eddie Murphy's] career's coffin.
0.625 uses the ride's familiar visuals as a leaping-off point for the horror-comedy, which is at times delightfully silly and at other times depressingly thin
0.375 Manages to make even such surefire audience grabbers as a zombie attack exceedingly dull.
0.25 To paraphrase one of my favorite lines from one of my favorite films ("Little Big Man"): Sometimes the Magic Kingdom works, and sometimes it doesn't.
0.5 It's ironic that in 2003 we find Murphy playing a role that, for all intents and purposes, might have been done by Mantan Moreland 60 years ago -- only Mantan was funnier.
0.5 With The Haunted Mansion, Eddie Murphy continues in a long line of family film stinkers.
0.4 ...maladroit dans sa tentative d'allier rires et frissons, insatisfaisant sur tous les plans...
0.4 Feels like something that was churned out through a machine; Disney Live-Action Cheese By Committee.
0.4 Another Disney ride-turned-movie looks great ... and goes nowhere.
0.5 Following the plot of the ride, as well as littering the screen with beautiful visual homages big and small, the film has less wiggle room to really come alive on its own.
0.5 There's disappointingly little in its 99 minutes that's better than what the ride has been doing for years in 10.
0.5 Eddie Murphy does a sterile job as the film's star, but it is Jennifer Tilly who shines in this otherwise flat film.
0.75 The Haunted Mansion was made in the spirit of giving everyone in the family something to enjoy together. It's successful at that level.
0.3 Learn from the Evers family: The Haunted Mansion is not worth the detour.
0.5 ...a lame and transparent pseudo-amusing scarefest...has all the whimsy and cheeky movement of an overcrowded parking lot at Disneyland...a generic goose bump ride
0.5 A movie that, while consistently amusing, plays like a hackneyed effort to stretch a few minutes of ride into a coherent, hour-and- a-half story.
0.6 More Disneyland ride than movie, short on plot and long on dazzling visuals for the kiddies.
0.5 While it may supply giggles and shivers to preteens, grownups should think twice before entering this all-too-haunted house.
0.5 Eddie Murphy has been many things to many people in his tempestuous career. Until now, 'mayo-and-bologna-on-white' hasn't been one of them.
0.5 Perhaps used to working with animated characters, Minkoff fails to inspire much energy from his cast.
0.125 The movie's horror angle also reminds us of Vampire in Brooklyn, the last in a string of Murphy flops before The Nutty Professor saved his screen career in 1996. With this listless foray, Eddie is twice bitten.
0.6 It's notoriously difficult to balance lighthearted humor with the spookiness a good ghost story requires, but director Rob Minkoff is surprisingly successful, delivering a satisfying mix of laughs and mild scares aimed at a young audience.
0.4 The story is so flimsy, could it possibly have been ghostwritten by Goofy?
0.25 A badly scripted, sloppily put-together hack job.
0.5 The problem here isn't so much the pace as the too-predictable story and the general lack of energy; director Rob Minkoff can't seem to light a fire under his cast.
0.5 Haunted Mansion won't be anybody's E-ticket ride, but it's an enjoyable movie for a very specific age range (children 8 to 12), and will be tolerable for almost everyone else.
0.5 Haunted is much more loyal to the original amusement attraction than the freewheeling and more imaginative Pirates film, which is good for nostalgia but not especially good for storytelling.
0.375 Here's a better way to spend your money: go to Disneyland and visit the real Haunted Mansion.
0.6 You don't go to a movie like this for the sparkling repartee; you go to ride the ride one more time, and director Rob Minkoff delivers with a slew of sight gags and character cameos that will keep faith with the fans.
0.4 The Haunted Mansion is disappointing in just about every way. Even the plot, which seems simple enough at first, turns out to be confusing when all is revealed.
0.25 The advertising slogan for The Haunted Mansion warns, 'Check your pulse at the door' -- pretty cheeky for a movie that flatlines for almost all of its 98 minutes.
0.25 The PG rating is purportedly for 'frightening images,' but the only thing frightening is the bland performance Eddie Murphy phones in.
0.625 With The Haunted Mansion, the second movie this year to be based on a popular Disney attraction Eddie Murphy may have finally brought his career back to life.
0.5 Let's face it: This is a movie based on a ride, so, really, how much entertainment can you expect? But at least it is a better bargain than the ride it is shilling.
0.5 It's true that last summer's hit Pirates of the Caribbean is one tough act to follow, but The Haunted Mansion falls short even without such comparisons.
0.4 The Haunted Mansion is well made and acted with a kind of campy glee, but it doesn't scare up enough thrills or laughs to give it the kind of mass appeal of Disney's summer blockbuster Pirates of the Caribbean.
0.4 The theme park attraction is actually better entertainment than the movie.
0.2 It's not all that boring, and very little children will like it, but the 'tween crowd will consider this beneath them, as would everyone older.
0.25 Foolish indeed is the mortal family that shells out the copious price of admission for this gobbler.
0.5 That thing going bump in the night? It was my head hitting the armrest.
0.5 Despite some imaginative designs, The Haunted Mansion just sort of lies there, as if -- like some of its characters -- it is waiting to be roused from eternal slumber.
0.625 The Haunted Mansion won't much entertain older family members, but it might be fun for kids and seems headed for a long run on home video.
0.5 Director Rob Minkoff, mindful of his PG rating and young target audience, never tries to scare us to the marrow.
0.2 The film equivalent of the dark, boring period on a haunted house ride before the gondola crashes into another room filled with dirty mirrors.
0.5 This is a 99-minute commercial for a three-minute attraction.
0.4 Trite special effects, uninspired dialogue.
0.5 An efficient, reasonably enjoyable factory product that should scare a 9-year-old just enough and be gone from his or her memory by dinnertime.
0.375 About as much fun as a day at Disneyland -- when it's raining and all the rides are broken and the car is at the extreme other end of the parking lot.
0.5 Although The Haunted Mansion starts promisingly and presents a wealth of possibilities, filmmakers decide to go the formulaic route to bring in the kiddies.
0.375 ...plays like a contest between Eddie Murphy's popping eyes and his gaping mouth: Which one can more forcefully convey fright?
0.4 It's hard to get excited about watching a real estate deal go down, even if it is with a bunch of ghosts.
0.375 ...terminally lame...
0.7 The Haunted Mansion is goofy fun.
0.5 Amusing time-killer.
0.8 More creepy than scary, but it's lots of fun.
0.5 As the story unfolds, it becomes ever more obvious that the Haunted Mansion ride was not concocted to provide enough material for a narratively coherent movie.
0.5 Even if I were still a kid, I'd rather go on the ride.
0.6 only works as mindless entertainment.
0.625 Vivid and unimaginative.
0.625 Amusing but not side-splitting.
0.6 Swirling apparitions, a wonderful Southern gothic atmosphere and a thwarted love story make this a fine companion piece to the Walt Disney theme-park attraction.
0.5 While the addition of four harmonizing statues infuses some humor in the script, there's little that outshines effects in the actual Disneyland house.
0.5 As mechanical as an old Disneyland automaton.
0.625 Never manages to rise above kind of cute.
0.6 The fact that this sort of preachy foray into the pseudo-scary is even remotely entertaining can only be attributed to blind, stumbling luck.
0.6 Best of all is Parker, the perfect melancholy romantic hero, brooding and dark, yet touching and sentimental.
0.5 After she walks off, Daddy tells his son, "Whack your own spider!"
0.6 Too ludicrous to take seriously, yet too po-faced to laugh at, it sacrifices wit and energy for intensity.
0.75 Rarely do you find a modern reboot that has the power to satisfy fans of a revered franchise while simultaneously grabbing audiences unfamiliar with the original and kicking them in the teeth.
0.25 Maybe I am just getting too old for this stuff.
0.5 Evil Dead owes everything to its predecessor, and [director Fede] Alvarez never tries to hide that fact, even when his movie feels painfully redundant.
0.6 The filmmakers behind this Evil Dead remake have completely missed what made Sam Raimi's original film work so well, opting instead for a typical horror bloodbath that fails to differentiate itself.
0.7 An (extremely) blood good time that will likely please horror fans.
0.6 Alvarez does show some directorial flair but this is not as frightening as it would like to believe it is, nor as interesting.
0.75 The film is about nothing more than Alvarez devising amusingly fiendish ways of freaking out audiences.
0.6 Alvarez doesn't succeed in making Evil Dead terrifying, but he does make it as prodigiously intense and gory for our time as the original was for its own.
0.6 A spookily effective remake of the ultra-low budget 1981 cult horror classic by Sam Raimi, the gore and blood is so plentiful here it even falls from the sky...A must for fans, Evil Dead also affirms horror as the most remake-friendly genre going.
0.5 Fernandez's film falls most flat, as Raimi's Dead pics are full of comedy, whether Three-Stooges-indebted or just plain black and gross-out, while this rethink is monotonously serious - and really a bit evilly dull at times.
0.5 I will always appreciate a horror flick that introduces novel and inventive ways to dispatch of its cast. But the frights are almost totally absent. So what are we even doing here?
0.6 Alvarez seems to know where to pay tribute to the original... but he also knows where to depart... Overall, his new movie packs a punch.
0.2 If Hollywood is having trouble with deciding who its 'war and terror' enemies are, that's nothing compared with its crisis in horror.
0.4 All the requisite blood and gits but not much else to offer by way of entertainment.
0.6 Using the very latest Cern-tested atom interferometry, we can reveal that Evil Dead is precisely, exactly - in the coldest atomic terms -the film that you were expecting.
0.7 Remaking an iconic classic is dangerous business, even if the original filmmakers are on board as producers, but at least Uruguayan writer-director Alvarez has a few clever ideas up his sleeve.
0.4 Happy days for those who love this sort of thing. But Raimi's effort, perhaps because we hadn't seen the plot before, was infinitely more scary.
0.8 This could easily have been the best demon possession film released in decades. Instead it is just a very effective, still-terrifying, evil retread.
0.4 There's no suspense, and it isn't scary.
0.6 The characters are forgettable but the horror they suffer lingers in the memory, for good or ill.
0.6 A full-bloodedly grisly and macabre film that zaps over a few scares.
0.4 Anonymous, forgettable and doesn't hold a candle to the brilliant original.
0.8 I was left clamping my hand to my open jaw, not so much in terror, more in shocked hilarity at how grand the guignol was willing to go.
0.6 Well made and delivers buckets of the red stuff, but it's hampered by poorly developed characters, a lack of humour and a tendency to substitute gore for actual scares.
0.8 Sam Raimi's horror classic gets a terrifying and intense rebirth for the 21st century.
0.6 Despite much old-school splatter, it's seldom frightening and oddly unfunny.
0.8 Alvarez adopts the film language of Raimi's films, adds more to the bag of tricks, and keeps the sardonic attitude without necessarily being slapstick.
0.4 Lacking Raimi's transgressive invention and wit, there really are some things that man should not meddle with.
0.6 At its best, manages to recapture the original's hardcore nastiness. It could certainly do with laughing at itself a bit more, though.
0.8 A must-see for horror fans, Evil Dead is great fun from start to finish and establishes the basis for a rejuvenated franchise that could fuse with past demon defiance rather than overwrite them.
0.5 Comparisons to the original are inevitable yet the filmmakers deserve the right for this to be judged of its own accord and it's not a terrible movie.
0.5 No matter how you slice it, it's a kind of horror wind-up toy: Once you set it in motion, it's going to do the same thing it always does. This one's no different.
0.55 Well...I didn't hate it.
0.6 A big, spewing slab of gory, red meat entertainment, carved out with all the delicacy of a sputtering chainsaw, for fans a horror movie classic that just refuses to die.
0.6 Rather overt about its intentions to replace the campfire story creepiness of [the original] with over-the-top gore effects and a truly unfortunate reliance on jump scares.
0.1 If you watched the first film's vine attack and went, 'You know what this needs? This needs to be more like hentai.' If you thought that, then this film is for you.
0.875 Enjoy but be warned: you might need a tetanus shot and stitches just watching it.
0.875 By the time the last excruciatingly spilled blood drips, Evil Dead stakes its claim as a worthy remake of Sam Raimi's 1981 horror classic.
0.5 ...a disappointingly run-of-the-mill horror effort that remains a far cry from Raimi's superior predecessor...
0.8 While staying true to the spirit of low-budget horror, Alvarez also brings a visual elegance to even the most gruesome of sights, from a puss-engorged hand being possessed by a demon, to the minutiae of being buried alive
0.625 Even as a huge fan of The Evil Dead, it's impossible to wholeheartedly embrace this one when just last year we were treated to a cabin-in-the-woods yarn -- The Cabin in the Woods, of course -- that carried on Raimi's legacy far better than this film does.
0.25 I think they really lost me when evil enters our heroine through her vajayjay (you can't unsee that).
0.8 It's easily the goriest, goopiest, most visceral, bloody and violent movie I've seen with an R rating. But that's the point, and it was a lot of fun to watch.
0.75 ... an all-out, balls-to-the-wall fright fest with allusions to The Exorcist, early Cronenberg, REC and Texas Chainsaw Massacre ... Raimi sans the laughter.
0.7 The minute you see the electric knife slicing into some bloody roast beef, you know The Evil Dead is piercing the right vein of genre horror.
0.9 Fede Alvarez loudly proclaims "THIS IS MY BOOMSTICK" and delivers a horror remake which defies the Gods by almost challenging the quality of Evil Dead itself - keyword, almost.
0.75 Not everyone will want to spend money on a ticket to nausea, of course, but you can't fault a director for achieving precisely what he set out to do, even if it mainly revolves around dismemberment.
0.5 This flesh-rending retread simply doesn't recapture the ferocious energy of the low-budget fright-fest that set Sam Raimi down the yellow brick road to Hollywood.
0.5 You're better off giving Raimi's original another spin.
0.875 An uncompromising, hardcore, balls-to-the-wall fright flick.
0.72 For those unfamiliar with the original films, this latest Evil Dead serves well enough as a neatly packaged, delightfully repulsive gore fest.
0.625 As is the rule for modern horror movies, the violence and language are uglier than before, but the people are a lot prettier.
0.5 A gore fest that's just effective enough to whet fans' appetite for a sequel, even as it kills everyone else's appetite for dinner.
0.7 Remakes don't get much better than Evil Dead - in terms of revitalizing the franchise and servicing both veteran and newcomer viewers.
0.7 It's a remake so the chopping, slashing and mutilating isn't as much fun as Sam Raimi's 1981 original, but it looks more realistic. If this crap is your thing, enjoy.
0.75 The original is of course better, but this remake delivers the gore in a big way.
0.625 There's no break from the intense gore and horror, no ironic wink; Evil Dead is the basic nightmare tale of five doomed individuals trapped in a cabin by an evil entity. And where's the fun in that?
0.6 That hope for a creative spark has allowed audiences to overlook the notable flaws of Alvarez's film. I get it. I want to love it too. But there are times where it's so hard to do so.
0.8 The very satisfying result is a lovingly crafted, chaotically loud noise-symphony conducted in honor of evisceration, agony, vomit and other gnarly delights.
1.0 Bloody, disgusting, dark, scary and all with just a very small hint of that classic Raimi slapstick, the new Evil Dead delivers what you'd expect in spades and then goes beyond to both gross you out and kick some butt.
0.5 Sure, this is a higher-budget re-tread. But a remake shouldn't exist simply to ramp up the graphic violence, even if special effects have improved immeasurably in the past 30 years.
0.4 Without an appealing, charismatic lead, this remake is pretty vacant.
0.4 It can boast of some truly extraordinary special effects, but this Evil Dead is far more gruesome than awesome.
0.625 So long as you grit your teeth and keep your eyes on the screen, it's an enjoyable, if almost academic, exercise in bad taste.
0.75 It's a fun spookshow - if chainsaw violence is your idea of fun - but it's sure not my "The Evil Dead." But that's OK. It's someone else's, now.
0.75 Alvarez is relentless in his pacing, delivering blow upon blow with so much breathless gusto that you don't know whether to scream, vomit or laugh maniacally.
0.6 In memory of beloved horror-booster Roger Ebert I'm gonna give it one hideously mangled tongues-up.
0.375 [A] geek show masquerading as horror.
0.75 It might not be "Cabin in the Woods," but this cabin in the woods nevertheless holds a sharp-toothed bite.
0.4 A 2013 Evil Dead should have a healthy dose of self-awareness and adrenaline. This movie lacks both.
0.875 not just a taste of the old religion, it's really pretty great.
0.875 Evil Dead for True Horror Fans Only
0.7 Lacks the puckish cleverness of the original films, and if it stood on its own I doubt it'd spawn the same following. But it's not bad as run-of-the-mill horror goes.
0.7 What this "Evil Dead" gets most right is its tone, paying homage yet staking its own territory; it's scary without being downbeat, fun without being too jokey.
0.5 The new "Evil Dead" has none of the first movie's handmade charm or hilarity, intentional or otherwise.
0.75 While it's impossible to surpass the original - so much of its fame is a function of its time - Alvarez's version still manages to measure up.
0.7 This Evil Dead is polished and meticulously planned, and it benefits from the attention to detail as well as from Alvarez's obvious love for the spirit of the source material.
0.5 Bloody havoc? Check. Exuberant gore? Check. Fun? Meh.
0.5 It's not scary. It's not shocking. It just wallows in viscera.
0.9 It may not be the return of Ash that everyone wants, but in terms of taking an honored original and reimagining it for a post-millennial audience, this remake rocks.
0.875 This blood-soaked remake improves on its cheeky source material, paying homage while establishing its own identity for younger horror fans who never knew there was an earlier "Evil Dead."
0.6 Whether you think it's a good movie will depend largely upon your stomach for gruesome violence. Then again, if you are going to see a movie called "Evil Dead," you're probably going to be OK.
0.375 "Evil Dead" turns Raimi's homemade horror treat into a professional-looking, overscripted bore.
0.5 It's never truly scary, but it is spectacularly disgusting, so if that turns you on, prepare to be thrilled beyond measure.
0.6 [This] is an efficient, exceedingly grisly horror film that goes places that Raimi could only dream of in the '80s ... Yet, without the low-rent cheesiness ... that made the originals so enjoyable, [it] becomes a numbing exercise in overkill.
0.375 Call this Evil Dead "Dead Serious," with actors who read cliches with all the conviction of a cast on a bad soap opera.
0.6 Alvarez is primarily interested in upping his corpse count, in the most gruesome ways imaginable. In this, he is undeniably successful. He also establishes an effectively breathless pace, and weaves in a steady stream of fan-friendly references.
0.25 If it hadn't been my paying job as a critic to watch Fede Alvarez's remake of Evil Dead all the way to the end, I probably would have headed for the exit door long before the point where somebody cuts off her own arm with an electric carving knife.
0.5 The Evil Dead was an absolute blast. Evil Dead is just a well-made gross-out, and it's kind of a bummer.
0.625 There are two types of people in the world. Those who should under no circumstances see the horror sequel/reboot Evil Dead and those who just gotta see it.
0.625 The whole purpose behind this remake seems to be the same one behind many horror films these days: to throw as many buckets of blood around on the screen as you possibly can.
0.6 Evil Dead, however, accomplishes what it sets out to do: Scare viewers silly and uphold a tradition.
0.8 Dark and nasty. More of a companion piece to Raimi's original than an all-out remake. Very well done. Not for the faint of heart.
0.75 For fans of hard-core horror, "Evil Dead" definitely delivers.
0.75 From beginning to end, this reconfigured "Evil Dead" feels as if it were made by people who know exactly what fans of this sort of movie are looking for.
0.7 That speedy camera-through-the-woods rampaging demon effect still thrills three decades later.
0.75 The setup and geography are consistent with the original, though the film never makes the mistake of trying to rebottle the lightning that electrified Sam Raimi's movie.
0.5 A dead end.
0.5 The really scary thing about Fede Alvarez's Evil Dead is its failure to shock. Are we all now completely desensitized to movie horror?
0.5 You can't remake a sense of humor. Alvarez may well have one, but it'll have to wait for the next project.
0.7 For all of his movie's predictability, director Fede Alvarez finds several ways to increase the creep factor, largely by playing the scares straight and sticking to an unabashedly old-school approach.
0.25 I'm bored to death and sick to death of movies that seem to have one goal: How can we gross out the audience by torturing nearly every major character in the movie?
0.375 Brings nothing to the table but more money and more gore.
0.5 ...for a film about demonic possession it is surprisingly soulless.
0.7 Better than most horror remakes, but it's hardly an improvement, and I sincerely hope it's not the most terrifying film you will ever experience.
0.75 ...a blatant allegory in which drug addiction stands in for demonic possession (and vice versa).
0.75 The film has a load of hallmarks which nod to the 1981 original, but takes some evry different twists and turns. It lacks some of that movie's personality, and it's not as scary as one might expect, but still a bloody good time at the movies.
0.8 It's a credit to the talents of Alvarez that this gore and violence is a feast for the eyes without seeming unnecessary.
0.6 Fire-and-brimstone teaser sequence notwithstanding, Fede Alvarez's slick, hard-R remake of the 1981 cult horror hit by Sam Raimi takes its sweet, tedious time getting going.
0.8 The most fun I've had all year trying not to vomit.
0.625 Relentless, pitiless, but not much fun.
0.6 Evil Dead has ample cheap shocks and few bloodcurdling frights but it builds to something gorily bravura and, if that's your bag, you'll come away satisfied.
0.6 Beyond the basic plot and the return of a few of the most well-known sight gags from the first two Evil Dead films, it is generally its own animal.
0.7 Unlike Raimi's classic original, it won't be remembered in 30 years time, but it is amongst the best horror remakes of the last decade.
0.6 The whole endeavour invites a sure feeling of pointlessness, but it's as beautifully shot and gore-soaked as these retreads come.
0.9 While it doesn't exactly reinvent the wheel, this new take on the Evil Dead is every bit as good as Sam Raimi's originals, and praise doesn't get much higher than that.
0.8 Evil Dead lacks the humor and sub-genre-launching power of the original, but it's a solid remake that is definitely worth watching, even and especially if you are a fan of the original.
0.8 It's gross and creepy and unpredictable and precisely the sort of horror movie your mother would probably hate. Honors the original and then some.
0.8 Manages to carve out its own distinct and memorable place in the history of this franchise. With a chainsaw.
0.4 Watch this and you'll wonder why Hollywood persists with haunted house horrors when they've literally been done to death. Perhaps setting one in a rip-off bank would give us some much needed change.
0.4 Not a truly terrible film, just completely underwhelming and anonymous.
0.4 Obtuse characters, flimsy narrative and an over-reliance on horror cliches.
0.1 Much like Toni Morrison's acclaimed novel Beloved, this horror film explores the legacy of slavery and -- just kidding.
0.5 The Haunting in Connecticut 2: Ghosts of Georgia is a good time killer and perfect for a rainy day inside
0.5 The Haunting In Connecticut 2: Ghosts of Georgia is just as tired a haunting film as its predecessor, failing to signify itself as a uniquely entertaining horror experience.
0.2 Ultimately nothing more than a decrepit vehicle for the moldiest of scary-movie cliches: screechy specters, inane character behavior and jump scares that a toddler could anticipate minutes ahead of time.
0.4 Credibly acted and hardly much worse than the original, but just as bereft of atmosphere and by-the-numbers.
0.5 An hour of miscellaneous visions that will make more sense once Act II lurches to a close and we finally get to the good stuff.
0.4 The filmmakers trot out slavery as a general sins-of-the-past signifier and then have no idea what to really do with such a painful real-world issue.
0.77 Maybe if they had concentrated on the temporal pleasures Johnny would gain from the bargain rather than the eternal torment part, he might have been more likely to sign.
0.5 If I were the boss of IMAX, I'd be more concerned with the film's overall failure degrading the brand than anything else.
0.375 "Haunted Castle" is a virtual "Haunted House." Something you might pay three to ten bucks to check out in the neighborhood, but with less creepy ghouls.
0.3 ...the film may appeal only to the most hard-core, dedicated fans of old-time, supernatural mummy flicks.
0.53 A strange mix of Cape Fear, Somewhere in Time and From Hell.
0.3 If you've ever been curious to see what Jason Voorhees would look like if he were played by a supermodel, this one's worth a look
0.0 It occurs to me in all honesty that if you rent this thing you deserve what you get.
0.3 The scenes of violence are fake to the point where they might as well have been using Muppets.
0.4 With 11-11-11, Darren Lynn Bousman is merely insulting the audience with this poor excuse for a plot and its ludicrous ending
0.375 With "11-11-11," [Bousman] is merely insulting the audience with this poor excuse for a plot and its ludicrous ending.
0.4 tries to hammer home the point that something awful is coming - although the viewer is never quite sure what.
0.4 11-11-11 has a few scary moments here and there, but it's mostly a flat, lifeless spiritual horror spin on The Number 23.
0.4 While not as offensively tawdry as recent release The Devil Inside, Bousman's film is strictly by-the-numbers horror fare.
0.2 If the ineffectiveness knob goes up to ten, this film manages to turn it up to you-know-what.
0.2 If only "11-11-11" had arrived a little closer to Thanksgiving - the turkey connection would have been entirely appropriate.
0.7 a timely terror tale
0.35 The film has the feel of something conceived and whipped together in very little time, perhaps to make its own built-in deadline.
0.4 Readily the worst thing Steven Spielberg has ever made.
0.62 I never held The Lost World in such high esteem, but I watched it multiple times and always felt it got a bit of a bum rap. After checking it out again fourteen years later, I still feel the same way.
0.6 Nastier beasts and mean people in intense sequel.
0.75 This summer's blockbuster to beat is beach reading for the big screen, and why should it be otherwise?
0.6 Nothing extinct here, just pure dino-might!
0.2 This film is going to sink into well-deserved oblivion.
0.5 Been there, done that. Now there's just more of it.
0.7 The story, it must be said, is no great shakes, although it's not half bad by action-movie standards. But the action -- that's why we go see movies like this -- is terrific.
0.25 The Lost World has the vibe of 'obligatory sequel,' just what director Steven Spielberg probably wanted to avoid.
0.8 Spielberg amply delivers the goods with...The Lost World: Jurassic Park, a beautifully crafted series of nightmarish set pieces with no other goal in mind than to scare and delight the audience.
0.5 Special effects demand dino closeups, but the technical miracles seem sadly mundane.
0.375 A cheerless, heartless monstrosity.
0.75 The Lost World is a tremendously enjoyable action adventure.
0.6 Many people will find much to divert them in The Lost World, and not worry whether or not it falls short of Jurassic Park.
1.0 The Lost World: Jurassic Park is one of those rare sequels that is better than the original.
0.5 The fact that the movie is literally dull comes as a surprise, especially with the usually reliable Spielberg at the helm.
0.3 It was inevitable that they would make a sequel, but did it have to be this one?
0.5 Just watching dinosaurs attacking and killing stupid people is not enough.
0.75 Although the film has more of nearly everything than its predecessor, somehow the result is less.
0.625 This was made to make money and entertain. And I think it achieved both of those, although not in any kind of spades.
0.6 It delivers a few thrills, some nice dinosaur effects, and packed theaters.
0.5 It's just like watching Jurassic Park for the fifth time, when it's hard to get worked up over a film which has little going for it besides big mechanical lizards.
0.6 With the low-angle, out-of-focus, washed-out photography, it looks like Spielberg slapped this thing together on his weekends away from DreamWorks.
0.625 Offers less screen rapture for your raptor than its predecessor did, unless your sole priority is dino-mighty effects.
0.875 Lost World: Jurassic Park is the epitome of American mainstream action movies
0.8 Steven Spielberg in his ruthless cat-playing-with-a-mouse mode.
0.9 Spielberg has made a riveting, exciting, high-grade creature feature, with lots of stompin' and chompin' goin' on.
0.8 Not as good as the original, but as far as sequels go, it's way, way above average.
0.75 Repetitiveness notwithstanding, The Lost World boasts several edge-of-the-seat moments.
0.7 The Lost World feels like less of a movie than it does a carnival ride -- all precipitous highs and nerve-jangling lows.
0.6 While the film suffers from the been-there, done-that syndrome, and has some major structural problems, as far as sequels go, The Lost World is one of the better ones.
0.625 Steven Spielberg is no stranger to sequels. But The Lost World grinds along as his most mechanical effort.
0.4 This film is a boring, unoriginal and ultimately dreary rehash of Jurassic Park.
0.5 Whereas Steven Spielberg's original Jurassic Park filled viewers with awe over the grandeur of nature, his sequel, The Lost World: Jurassic Park, achieves 134 minutes of tedium.
0.5 Where is the awe? Where is the sense that if dinosaurs really walked the earth, a film about them would be more than a monster movie? Where are the ooohs and ahhhs?
0.25 Spielberg's dinos, manipulated by a small army of puppeteers, are watchable enough. But these artificial critters have little reason to be resurrected in our era, let alone on 3,300 screens over Memorial Day weekend.
0.75 Despite all of the basic improvements going into the production, the perfectly entertaining finished product still somehow manages to fall short of the original film.
0.6 The Lost World certainly has its moments but it's a rather schizophrenic movie that lacks the simplicity of the original.
0.5 The Lost World, while terrifically entertaining, is also structurally out of kilter.
0.6 best-suited for someone who'd not only never seen a horror movie but who'd never even heard of such a thing. His mind would be blown.
0.6 Como antologia dos grandes momentos do genero ate funciona, mas sua analise sobre as questoes tematicas e sociais e pedestre, a montagem falha em sua cronologia e %u2013 o maior pecado %u2013 ignora filmes seminais como Dementia 13.
0.6 A teen horror film with grown-up violence.
0.4 A misfire on a classic remake.
0.6 The original was far better.
1.0 One almost never says that a SECOND remake is worth a dang, but this is that very rare exception to prove the rule.
0.8 A very effective horror remake that's driven by character rather than cheap shocks.
0.6 Okay remake. Might have been better is screenwriter Stuart Gordon had directed.
0.8 One of the creepiest and most overlooked horror movies made in the past decade, featuring a strong, scary turn by Meg Tilly.
0.6 Won't ever challenge Siegel's or Kaufman's versions, but it's a pretty worthwhile adaptation for fans of Jack Finney's source material.
0.6 Instead of really being scary, the film made me think of something that has troubled me since: don't movie characters watch movies?
0.2 Everything about "#HoldYourBreath" is aggressively mediocre, shoddy and undistinguished...
0.625 How much you appreciate the film will largely depend on how effective you feel its big revelation is.
0.7 ...boasts a suffocating atmosphere and a disjointed storyline that turns the screws on your nerves while leaving you to puzzle over the plot
1.0 It's truly a masterpiece in the end.
0.7 This is a carefully structured film about grief and guilt, as well as horror. They don't resolve every disturbing moment or confusing element: they leave some questions hauntingly unanswered.
0.7 I like what it's trying to do -- use a ghost story surface to tell a tale of guilt, blame, and madness -- but was disappointed in the conventional tactics it used.
0.375 ...yet another pointless, interminably paced Asian horror flick that's inexplicably garnered heaps of praise and adulation...
0.8 There's more rank dread and inscrutable mystery in any one scene of this South Korean psychological thriller than in all the American horror films of the past 10 years.
0.6 Well-tread territory.
0.75 Even at its most maddening and cute, the elaborate interplay between hallucination and reality rewards attention.
0.75 There's a reason why Hollywood has been so busy in recent years remaking Asian horror movies. Scare for scare, they're generally better.
0.75 It may not be a pretty picture, but A Tale of Two Sisters is definitely a satisfying piece of less-is-more cinematic horror.
0.625 The gorgeous slow-moving cinematography by Lee Mogae is remarkable.
0.625 Fans of the genre will find much to savor with A Tale of Two Sisters.
0.75 This one makes you sweat.
0.75 The film seems unnecessarily vague on a rational level, but it's spot-on as a psychological study of a twinlike sibling relationship, and the ways in which memory can suppress trauma and soothe a mourning soul.
0.75 There's no denying the eye for hypnotic imagery employed by writer-director Ji-woon Kim and cinematographer Mo-gae Lee.
1.0 That feeling of laden Victoriana oozes not just from the opulent settings, but from the sexual leviathans coiling and uncoiling in the subtext.
0.25 We aren't meant to understand the story fully until the film's closing minutes, so the shocks and suggestions come in a muddled context.
0.7 Like a fairy tale set in a haunted house, this terrifying psychological horror yarn from Korea preys upon deep-rooted fears of adolescence, insanity and evil stepparents while scaring the bejabbers out of us.
0.75 [Kim] creates stunning images ripe with meaning.
0.5 Murky and pretty near incomprehensible.
0.8 The creepy visuals, the slow-burning tension, the meticulous pauses for effect, and the staggered trail of clues and revelations inexorably draw the viewer in.
0.6 A somber reflection on memory, adolescence and mourning.
0.8 A tour de force of psychological horror at its creepiest.
0.75 Quite restrained for what's basically a horror movie, and very well acted.
0.5 When all is finally revealed, it becomes clear that the stylish spookiness was its own slim reward.
0.9 Classic horror in the vein of Hitchcock, Argento and Miike...the scariest film in years!
0.8 a delirious melange of styles that absorbs us for two solid hours
0.75 It's a stunningly creepy specimen of Asian horror.
0.875 Plays like a gorgeous painting hanging in a gloomy gallery -- you stand in front of one corner, mesmerized by turquoise wallpaper or a burgundy rug, then a fleeting movement in another corner draws you over.
0.625 Unnervingly conflates fairytale lore with the angst of adolescent sexual development.
0.6 More deliberately paced than even the most deliberately paced Asian horror movie and twice as complex.
0.8 Masterfully manipulative and bloody scary.
0.8 Dark, dreadful, and utterly disturbing, it's a remarkable modern fairy story.
0.7 Haunting presences, inexplicable cutaways, overwhelming suspense, deeply disturbing sub-themes and a general willingness to leave things unanswered. Fantastic!
0.7 What Van Sant's film does, tremendously well, is make the material foreign again.
0.4 Psycho doesn't do much for Van Sant, and he doesn't do much for Psycho.
0.4 Vaughn's Norman Bates is much inferior because he lacks the natural neurosis of Anthony Perkins.
0.5 The movie doesn't stink. The performances are good, potentially great, especially Vince Vaughn as Norman Bates, but he owns a scene just for doing that psychotic giggle of his.
0.4 Personally, I found the remake weaker than the original (which was only vaguely interesting anyway; then again, it's pretty much the same movie).
0.375 franky it sucks
0.625 Gus Vant Sant has remade Alfred Hitchcock's classic slasher film with so much reverence and so little originality that it is not clear what the point is.
0.7 It's surprising to note that this film, mostly well-acted, is somewhat lacking on the technical side, which is what Hollywood usually does best these days.
0.75 Predictably, it's (almost) the exact same film, but I wouldn't say that it's a pointless enterprise.
0.2 It's not so much that this movie didn't need to be made. The real tragedy is that a group of enormously talented people wasted several months of their lives when together they could have done something fresh and exciting and original.
0.6 Gus Van Sant assumiu um trabalho ingrato: quando as cenas funcionam, em seu filme, a responsabilidade e de Hitchcock. Quando falham, a culpa e sua.
0.25 An utterly empty technical achievement.
0.7 What scared audiences then will almost certainly strike kids raised on the unholy trinity of Michael, Jason and Freddy as quaint and slow.
0.4 Van Sant's pseudo-Xerox is flat, mannered and often downright boring!
0.5 Es mejor que las nuevas generaciones vayan a la tienda de videos y renten la version original
0.375 Vince Vaughn is probably the best person you can get to fill Anthony Perkins' shoes; he can be one of America's best film stars one day, and that is evident in the way he treats his character on screen.
0.5 Whereas the original was fascinating and shocking, the reconstruction is bland and lifeless.
0.2 Vince Vaughn's Norman Bates is about as terrifying as a tranquilized dachshund.
0.625 Less a remake and more a scene-by-scene reconstruction, with all of the original dialogue intact.
0.5 It is only because of a few elements of original creativity that Van Sant and the rest should be saved from eternal film damnation.
0.75 This gutsy cinematic experiment is more than just a curiosity. It's an intelligent homage (at times even a spoof) and still a bit of a hand-wringer, even though pop culture has spoiled all the surprises.
0.5 Having all of this distinctly '60s material played out by '90s performers in living color makes for a film that feels jarringly anachronistic...
0.875 Is this film better than the original? The answer is no, not quite, but to my shock, it is just about as good of a remake as could have possibly been expected.
0.6 There's nothing exactly wrong with Vaughn's performance, which is edgy and scary. Vaughn simply can't help the fact that physically, he is completely wrong for the role.
0.875 Vaughn, from the outset, seems like a loose cannon, a nut case, a psycho. Unlike Anthony Perkins who, at first, appeared as a shy mama's boy, Vaughn adds an extra layer of menace to his Norman that renders Van Sant's film a bit a-kilter.
0.6 The one actor who stood out from the pack was definitely the rising star of the year, Vince Vaughn, who took Anthony Perkins' superb original performance, and added his own macabre touch of surrealism.
0.75 Vaughn and Heche bring energy and freshness to the parts originated by Anthony Perkins and Janet Leigh. Heche is so good, in fact, and so frisky and watchable in her role, that after her grisly demise in the shower you miss her for a long time.
0.75 Though some hard-core fans of the original may scoff at anything that tries to compete, Van Sant's version of Psycho is actually pretty good.
0.6 Since this is a virtual shot-by-shot, line-by-line remake of the original masterpiece, it's like watching a new version of a Shakespeare play. Think about it.
0.7 A worthy experiment!
0.6 Maybe in 50 years, Gus Van Sant's Psycho will be the classic that needs protection from upstart filmmakers.
0.375 This is a lifeless, workmanlike project; all tension has been leeched away. Also, it's in color.
0.375 The movie is an invaluable experiment in the theory of cinema, because it demonstrates that a shot-by-shot remake is pointless; genius apparently resides between or beneath the shots, or in chemistry that cannot be timed or counted.
0.5 It's so slavishly similar to its predecessor -- right down to the symbolic lettering on Marion's license plates -- that there's little to spark fresh discussion except the acting.
0.2 Even with its surreal shot-for-shot sense of recreation, what we wind up with here is hubris meshed with an affront to every genre fan's sense of propriety.
0.375 It retains little of the frights and the material feels surprisingly dated.
0.5 As Norman Bates, Vince Vaughn makes us better appreciate how much Anthony Perkins brought to the original project.
0.625 With the vibrant colour photography, we find ourselves getting caught up in the style, and so instead of atmosphere being added, all that happens is attention being detracted. Perhaps they should have recreated the period of the original film.
0.5 Even with Hitchcock's shot list and a visual record of the crime, Van Sant can't come up with anything more than a wan tribute to the master, proving it takes more than a good storyboard to make a film work.
0.6 Vince Vaughn simply does not convey Norman's inner madness with Anthony Perkins's elan, nor can Viggo Mortensen, who comes across as somehow eccentric, match the undeviating John Gavin in the 1960 work.
0.5 On the whole, the remake is just about, but not quite as good as the original Psycho.
0.69 There's nothing really wrong here, but it all seems uninspired.
0.625 Recommended for fans of groovy '60s and '70s, cult oddities.
0.8 This most enduring adaptation of the Faustian moral fable is totally satisfying.
1.0 There has never been a more inventive nor engaging retelling of this classic story.
1.0 Dr Jekyll combines gothic horror, aristocratic romance and madcap Freudian psychodrama into a dizzying, exhilarating brew.
0.9 While some of the dialogue and acting may now seem arch, this remains a standout take on the classic novel, visually inventive and often surprisingly strong given the era in which it was made.
0.8 It's a lurid potboiler which is notable for some superb camera work (a long POV tracking shot at the beginning of the film for example), some innovative early special effects and some of the most deranged overacting you are ever likely to see.
0.8 Mamoulian's vision of Dr Jekyll's hidden life in the foggy Victorian underworld is fascinating.
0.8 Powerful performances from March and Hopkins and richly atmospheric cinematography help make for a memorable journey down Stevenson's "strange and terrible road."
0.8 The 1931 version of the Robert Louis Stevenson novella, directed by the great Rouben Mamoulian, is still the best version there is, far more frightening than the glossy MGM version Victor Fleming made a decade or so later.
0.9 Easily the best of the many versions of the Stevenson horror classic.
1.0 Great effects for its time and some incredible performances makes this a true cinema classic.
1.0 Transformations still amaze; best version to date.
0.6 It is an engaging, old-fashioned movie, using the right blend of thoughtful artistry and matinee thrills, with a touch of eroticism to spice things up.
0.7 Jekyll's predicament, his repressed sexual frustration...and the consequent release of this frustration as Hyde, must have been a pain for the censors to accept.
1.0 One of the most strikingly creative films of its era. Mamoulian piles innovative approach on top of innovative approach with dizzying speed to create a movie unlike any other.
0.5 Unable to explore the disturbingly misogynist undercurrents of the tale, the film is memorable mostly for the fine performances of the leads.
0.5 If you're looking for cheesy B-movies on your next visit to Netflix, you could do worse.
0.4 To be honest, I was just trying not to lose consciousness.
0.6 It depicts what is surely the first recorded instance of the game "Strip Monopoly" and would later inspire Wet Hot American Summer, and we should all be grateful for that.
0.2 Beware of this infamous, sadistic slasher film.
0.6 It hasn't aged well; its nonstyle renders it pretty sedate these days.
0.7 What makes the movie work is that the slasher genre hadn't been set in stone yet, and some choices that director Sean S. Cunningham makes in the film that work against type.
0.75 a campfire boogeyman story designed to do little more than build tension and deliver a few well-timed shocks, which it does with precision and even a bit of artistry
0.64 How do you sum up a movie that's really quite awful yet helped define a filmmaking era?
0.625 Whether you want to credit or blame Friday the 13th for its role in influencing modern cineplex cinema is a matter of taste. [Blu-ray]
0.375 ...a woefully bad slasher flick, complete with an inept cast (including Kevin Bacon in uncomfortably tight shorts); laborious pacing; and an interminable catfight climax.
0.5 Friday the 13th set the tone for the modern slasher flick. So you know which film to blame for all those lousy horror films.
0.5 You really have to wonder what exactly made the Friday the 13th series so wildly successful.
0.6 ...perhaps more than any other film, it helped to popularize the slasher genre and codify the formula.
0.625 A skillful, if by-the-numbers, horror pic.
0.875 A classic Bacon
0.4 It may be one of the most famous, but it's certainly not an original on which others are based.
0.3 Makes not the slightest attempt to hide the outright theft of every one of its ideas from much better films.
0.8 Pure slasher goodness!
0.6 Classic but forgettable teen-camp slasher
0.6 Suprisingly scary and atmospheric, especially compared to its garish sequels
0.6 It's a classic, for sure, just an awfully cheesy one.
0.6 It started it all, but it's not really a part of the series being more a whodunit, even if by now we all know who it was.
0.5 ...uneven...
0.6 Decent slasher flick, albeit undeserving of the 10 sequels it spawned.
0.8 Long before Jason, and the endless machinations of dumb sequels, Friday the 13th represented the purest form of terror.
0.2 A franchise with such longevity implies that there was a good movie at the start of it all. Not this time.
0.2 A dreadful piece of trash.
0.9 The slasher king.
0.6 A hugely influential film that contributed to the 1980s horror boom.
1.0 There's a hollow cracking sound as the killer's identity is divulged. It's your jaw hitting the floor.
0.9 For those of us who love Hammer horror, this is an unmarred example of all the reasons why.
0.4 Perhaps the most deadly dull in a series that had run out of steam.
0.875 One of the finest of the seven entries in Hammer's Frankenstein cycle.
0.7 One of the 1980s' most distinctive and important horror movies.
0.8 Hooper's direction may lack its usual edgy personality -- apparently over-ruled by Spielberg's script suggestions -- but he puts on a dazzling show, and the intuitive performances are uniformly on the panic button.
0.875 "Poltergeist" is a lot more dedicated to its cause than most viewers today are probably used to. It builds to something of value. That may not make it the most profound film of its genre by any stretch, but it does make it one of the most memorable.
0.875 A frightening, supernatural horror film that defined a generation.
1.0 One of the all-time great haunted house movies.
0.75 ...a compelling and consistently creepy piece of work...
0.75 Spielberg clockwork: great suburbs, great special effects, great abuse of an expositive score, great overuse of the slow push-in, great hot mom, great irrelevant dad, great plucky little kids.
0.7 Think of it more as a fun-ride than a horror movie.
0.8 Twenty-five years on, the film is still looking remarkably good %u2013 and, I'm betting sales of clown dolls have never quite recovered.
0.875 After a quarter-century, Poltergeist remains one of the most popular movies whose reputation rests almost exclusively on behind-the-scenes diversions.
0.9 So darn good it makes me wish Spielberg hadn't given up on the horror genre.
0.8 A surprisingly yet successfully restrained lesson in how to haunt a house.
0.5 A vapid, silly horror movie with occasional moments of promise that ultimately fails due to an overdose of cuteness.
1.0 Pull your face off and wallow in the creepy goodness.
0.8 Hooper's skill with gore combined with Spielberg's ability to sanitize anything into family-friendliness makes Poltergeist a smash horror hit -- and it's rated PG.
1.0 A classic horror film that still thrills.
0.75 Hooper and Spielberg hold our interest by observing the everyday rituals of this family so closely that, since the family seems real, the weird events take on a certain credibility by association.
0.6 Good 1980s horror.
0.6 Repeat viewings are best spread out over time and the film's internal logic doesn't entirely hold up, but if you just accept the action for the rollercoaster ride it is, it can be fairly satisfying
0.8 One of the best horror flicks ever...bar none
0.4 The cold-hand of Spielberg lies on every frame.
0.8 Still scary - a classic!
0.8 Poltergeist works -- and works extraordinarily well -- because it shows us the horrors of beyond coming to haunt us not in a moldering house on a hill or a grimy dungeon but rather in a gleaming, modern, comfortable suburban housing development.
0.8 Spielberg said this was a product of his nightmares. The first time I saw it I was 12. Ever since, Spielberg's nigtmares have been my own. A horror classic.
0.6 This is a film that tends to annoy, as if it had been more taut and consistent, it could have been far more exciting.
0.625 An ideal weekend movie, the sort of entertaining low-budget horror item that will work best for audiences looking to unwind and have fun after a long, busy work week.
0.4 Its chief merit is that it lacks the awesome stupidity of many of its successors.
0.4 Cliched, forgettable 80s teen slasher lacking all kind of originality or characterization
0.4 Sleazy slasher stuff. Fans of the genre might dig it.
0.4 The first was far too much really; just multiply the gore by three.
0.75 Director P.J. Pesce stylishly and briskly stages the numerous shootings and feeding frenzies.
0.0 The first was mediocre. The second was bad. This is terrible.
0.5 ...pretty entertaining, with some great gore scenes.
0.4 Melhor que o segundo filme - o que nao quer dizer muita coisa.
1.0 Boldly erotic and playfully ponderous about sins of the flesh, "Thirst" rips open its bodice, and various veins, with arterial sprays of carnage and carnality. It's a savage, frank, fanged fusion of "Double Indemnity" and "The Postman Always Rings Twice."
0.8 Perhaps no auteur is as suited to the vampire genre as South Korean director Park Chan-wook, a man who has made a career out of films full of sexual perversity, doomed romances and a seemingly insurmountable volume of blood.
0.8 The degrees of shock, the foreshadowing and throwbacks throughout (both visual and in dialogue) all seem diminutive next to the amazing performances by the male and female lead.
0.5 click to read full review
0.8 The story of a noble priest resurrected as a vampire and plunged into a life of desire is opulently brought to the screen by one of South Korea's leading filmmakers.
0.8 What sets Park's film apart from the standard vampire picture has more to do with its tone, characterizations, and its strange blend of lyricism and pitch-black comedy.
0.75 Just when you thought you'd seen everything that could possibly be done with vampires, along comes something like Thirst.
0.6 Park is clearly an exceptional director capable of being weirdly funny, quirkily fantastical, brutal and sexy, sometimes at one and the same time. There's no one quite like him.
0.7 Park directs with his usual eye-catching skill and attention to gruesome detail, and creates a story with strong emotional resonance.
0.8 A rollicking, hysterical splatter-sex-comedy only confirms 'Thirst' as one of the year's more extreme, enjoyable entertainments.
0.6 Not one of Park's best films, but it has bite.
0.8 This fervid extravaganza is easily Park's best film since Oldboy.
0.8 A baroque shocker of sensuous unease and cinematic excess marbled with veins of jet-black comedy, Thirst is far from a perfect film, but it might still prove to be a great one.
0.7 Chan-wook's film is as gluttonous and stylish as I'm a Cyborg, but fortunately Thirst's renewed appetite for bloodlust and self-annihilation suits the director's pyrotechnics better.
0.6 While its most dazzling scenes recall David Cronenberg's The Fly and Schrader's Catpeople, it topples into self-parody in spells, as if John Waters was remaking In The Realm Of The Senses.
0.6 A fresh spin on the vampire myth resulting in a wildly inventive and blackly comic horror. Pity it's got more padding than the average fat suit.
0.8 Gruesome, disturbing, definitely over-long but strangely moving, Thirst brings vivid new ideas to an overworked genre.
0.6 Once on course, he is uncontrollable. I don't mean the hero, I mean the director. Park's gallows wit and visual inventiveness keep us alert for an hour amid the ramshackle story structuring.
0.6 The film is way too long, and quite sick, though Park's demented lyricism will stay with you.
0.8 Unleashing torrents of stylishly shot blood-letting he mocks the anaemic approach to the carnal undercurrents of vampire lore favoured by western cinema.
0.6 An enjoyable, extremely stylish and well acted vampire drama that builds to a terrific finale, though it's also overlong, struggles to find the right tone and drags considerably in the middle section.
0.7 The over-long duration makes it a gruelling journey at times, but it's worth sticking to the end, just to see what the hell Park will come up with next.
0.7 The heart of Thirst may be a vampire film but its soul is a morality play, while its flesh is a sensuous playground of desire.
0.8 It's a production of sensational confidence.
0.6 Thirst is a grim antidote to the sanitized, pale young things of Twilight, Supernatural and True Blood.
0.875 Leave it to Park Chan-Wook to put a stake in any pretty, romanticized notions of the undead in down and dirty, daring and dynamic style.
0.625 Beautifully shot and willing to grapple with morality in ways both serious and playful Thirst entertains without moralizing, though it frequently lacks narrative drive.
0.625 Thirst begins with great intellectual and artistic promise, then devolves into a repetitious mess of teeth, blades, necks, bites, arterial sprays, sex, sex, sex and death.
0.75 Thirst's moments of brilliance leave you hungry for more.
0.75 Thirst keeps coming up against the limitations of its various inspirations like a bumper car on a crowded court. On almost every other level, the film's audaciously entertaining, at times even quite moving. You just have to have the stomach for it.
0.875 It's a pretty terrific movie -- unruly, a little attenuated in its unexpectedly lyrical third act, but clearly the work of a major director.
0.625 Park's welcome streak for dark comedy does overcome the monotony here and there, but when the sun finally comes up we're left with little but scattered particles of something that tried to do something good, but ultimately failed.
0.75 Movies exist to cloak our desires in disguises we can accept, and there is an undeniable appeal to Thirst.
0.75 Thirst is juicy filmmaking -- psychologically rich, cathartic, kinky, visually engaging and almost free of vampire-movie cliches.
0.7 The story is mostly riveting, in a chaotic kind of way.
0.625 Too bad the film never quite gets the blood pumping in the viewer, which may be a failure of Park's to define his audience.
0.6 Full of ache and desire, Tae-ju seems the ultimate embodiment of the title of Park Chan-wook's new film, Thirst (Bakjwi).
0.8 Just when we've set our brains on ponder, the picture muddies all hope of contemplation with flashes of the fearlessly eccentric imagery for which Park has become famous, and some of the slurpiest sex scenes to be found in any recent R-rated movie.
0.6 One part myth, one part vampire and one part over the top hilarity is a promising combination, but this story doesn't add enough to the overused vampire genre to succeed.
0.6 Initially invigorating, chilling and mildly suspenseful while balanced with just the right amount of dark comedy, but it occasionally veers into a tedium of awkwardness and over-the-top bizarreness that lacks surprises.
0.75 Feeling anemic? Allow Dr. Musetto to prescribe large quantities of human blood. You'll find plenty of it in Thirst, from Park Chan-wook, one of South Korea's leading filmmakers.
0.8 Park has created a rumination on morality and mortality that is not at all deadly, but funny and profound and at times intensely erotic.
0.75 At a time when so much of popular culture is turning the vampire into just another gently exotic, vulnerable lover, Park brings things back to bloody basics.
0.5 Soaked in blood though it is, Thirst leaves some essential cravings unsatisfied.
0.5 Thirst's excesses will entertain some viewers, but if you want coherence, look elsewhere.
0.625 Thirst is at least a half-hour too long. The story goes off course with pointless distractions and feeds on non-stop grisliness.
0.75 Thirst isn't exactly out for scares or thrills; it's more like an old-time Hollywood melodrama with fangs; think A Place in the Sun with bloodsuckers.
0.8 It's tempting to call it True Blood East, but any comparisons to existing vampire sagas shortchange the unique appeal of Park's vision.
0.4 Overlong by a half-dozen blood spurts and tonally frantic
0.625 From the sweltering, acrobatic sex to the bone-crunching suckings and slayings, Tae-ju's angrily orchestrated mayhem rhymes perfectly with Chan-wook's voracious style.
0.6 Thirst casts a hypnotic visual spell over its vampiric goings-on.
0.7 It's a highbrow, critically acclaimed movie that succeeds far more as a down and dirty horror movie than it does as an art film.
0.7 At the hands of a less competent director, THIRST could have been an abomination, but thankfully Chan-wook delivers something above par that should probably be met with two cans of Red Bull.
0.7 It's a confronting contemporary vampire story with a plot borrowed from Emile Zola's Therese Raquin, and it would be twice as good if it were half an hour shorter.
0.8 A fresh, surprising take on an old, old story (and an overpopulated subgenre) that holds the attention with deadly wit.
0.7 Thirst may not be the greatest vampire movie ever made, but Park's willingness to try something different makes it a decidedly fresh take on the genre.
0.4 Jaw-droppingly awful -- mesmerizingly so. Poor Joe Cotten.
0.125 painfully stupid
0.5 [Not] a great thriller, just one that is more intelligent and dignified than you would ever imagine, sight unseen.
1.0 Shocking in its day and still a genuinely creepy experience, director James Whale's primitive yet enthralling interpretation of Mary Shelley's classic tale of man playing God is the most influential genre movie ever made.
0.625 ...a watchable yet consistently uneven horror flick that feels long even at 70 minutes...
1.0 Classic monster movie still electrifies.
0.87 Frankenstein is a horror film that turns (miraculously) into an existential tale of man's fear of abandonment
0.9 If it isn't the best American horror film of the 1930s, that's only because the extremely gifted director James Whale wasn't done with the franchise quite yet.
1.0 Beautiful photography, a heartbreaking story, and iconic moments from beginnning to end. Absolutely unmissable.
0.875 A classic.
0.7 Now a classic part of scream culture.
0.8 The high tide of Universal horror. Hail Karloff.
0.8 Charming, spooky, and magical at once.
1.0 An essential classic.
1.0 Here Whale emerges in full flower%u2014the stage director in love with the theatrical and drunk on the possibilities of film.
0.9 Genuine old-school horror movie excellence ... and the sequel is even better!
1.0 Nothing can detract from the power of the most influential monster movie ever made.
0.9 Still a startling film about the borders between genius and madness, science and atrocity.
0.875 As much as the later movies diluted the character of the Frankenstein creature, nothing could blunt the impact made by Karloff in the role of the most memorable movie monster of all time.
1.0 James Whale's extravagantly produced sequel to his own Frankenstein still ranks as one of horrordom's greatest achievements.
1.0 A riveting, funny, and suspenseful horror classic.
1.0 This was to be [director James Whale's] last horror film. Small wonder; what could he possibly have left to prove?
1.0 A must for anyone with even a passing interest in horror, this not only confirms Karloff as a master of the genre, but also shows, more than any of Whale's subsequent films, the influence of his vision.
1.0 Whale's erudite genius brings it all together. He sculpts every nuance of self-parody, social satire, horror, humour, wit and whimsy into a dazzling whole, keeping every one of his fantastical plates spinning until the tragic, inevitable finale.
1.0 one of the greatest movies i've ever seen
1.0 Classic - the pinnacle of Universal horror
0.8 My Big Fat Monster Wedding.
1.0 Absolute classic horror, the best of the 'Frankensteins.'
1.0 Among the best of what Hollywood has to offer.
0.9 A horror mega-classic.
1.0 One of the best horror SEQUELS ever made.
1.0 A perfect mix of comedy and tragedy.
1.0 Whale brings camp humor to this immortal sequel without losing the horror or the pathos which the tale demands.
1.0 Grand, spectacular entertainment: a blend of horror and black comedy carried along by Whale's unique combination of theater and cinematic fireworks.
0.9 THE monster movie.
1.0 The Bride of Frankenstein has an in-your- face audacity that hasn't dimmed all that much after 63 years.
1.0 A classic, much better than the relatively straightforward original.
1.0 One of the oddest and most memorable films ever made in America.
1.0 Seen today, Whale's masterpiece is more surprising than when it was made because today's audiences are more alert to its buried hints of homosexuality, necrophilia and sacrilege. But you don't have to deconstruct it to enjoy it.
0.6 A fast-paced and captivating exercise in gory action-horror, a la Wesley Snipes's 1998 bloodsucker epic, Blade.
0.2 Too scary, too gory, too gross.
0.5 Without a single scare to its credit nor a particularly inspired storyline, this film fails to justify its existence.
0.2 The use of Craven's name in the title is a cheesy marketing ploy and the secret to the fanged suitor's aversion to all things Christian is an even cheesier hoot.
0.2 We're talking 5,940 seconds better spent doing anything else under the sun, including but not limited to pulling out one's toenails one by one.
0.25 [It] will be consigned to the bin with all the other Dracula rejects.
0.2 There's enough holes in the plot to drive a 40-foot hearse through.
0.6 There are precious few good performances in this movie, and it would be really great if the title character were one of them.
0.5 The filmmakers were stuck with a script containing good ideas poorly executed.
0.625 While not a truly terrible vampire movie like The Forsaken, Dracula 2000 could have been so much more.
0.5 The film concentrates more on the gore and less on fright and suspense.
0.1 Unable to add a single new thought or shot to the tired vampire genre.
0.5 Just what we need: another Dracula movie!
0.125 Its screenplay is so rudderless and random that it might just as well have been written by the vacuous pre-teens that most likely comprise its key demographic.
0.42 Dracula 2000 is an update of the classic story that unfortunately drives several nails into the coffin of the vampire genre.
0.3 ...thanks to Hollywood, Dracula really is eternal. With those kind of odds, I suppose eventually we'll get a vampire flick worth watching. But this ain't it.
0.3 Bad in just about every way.
0.4 Not only is the guy playing Dracula not terrific, he barely even registers on screen.
0.1 Dracula may stay undead in the new millennium, but there's not a sign of life -- oh, that bloodless acting -- in this sorry mess.
0.2 Bargain basement horror.
0.4 This is a jejune hack-Drac.
0.4 Almost drained the life right out of me.
0.4 Neither a comedy nor a horror picture, Dracula 2000 plays more like a bad industrial video for vampire exterminators.
0.7 You've got the usual blood and gore, paired with low-cut dresses and heaving bosoms.
0.625 An entertaining excursion into the cheap thrills of second-rate horror, with plenty of bloody mayhem, kitschy crucifixes, and heaving bodices for the Nosferatu inside you.
0.25 There is ... very little that this film does right, and I can identify nothing to justify its existence.
0.5 [Dracula is] never a force of evil of mythic proportions; he seems small-minded and even whiny.
0.25 A bloody mess as a movie, one with acting so lame it's likely to prompt shrieks, not of horror but of derisive laughter.
0.0 A thudding, suspense-free montage of unshocking shock effects and more severed heads than toppled during the French Revolution.
0.4 The movie isn't even worth the time in line for popcorn, let alone in the theatre.
0.6 Lots of classic vampire lore is minced and forced into a shiny new casing in this glossy shocker, but in the end it's the same old blood pudding.
0.7 Enough cheap scares for pretty much anyone looking for some enjoyable bloody fun.
0.4 ...there is so little new or innovative about it that if you're a normal moviegoer, you've seen it all before.
0.2 Rent Obsessed instead. That one you can at least laugh at.
0.35 Too lazy, preposterous and inane to even be considered as a guilty pleasure.
0.3 Neither trashy nor self-consciously funny enough to make its genre-trapped ludicrousness sing.
0.375 The movie takes a premise that might have served as the basis of a weepy romantic drama and turns it into something very different, but no less insulting.
0.3 When is a movie remake not a movie remake? When the filmmakers involved know what they've made is so wretched they don't dare admit it. The most oblivious MTV viewer won't miss the blatant plagiarism.
0.2 As ineffectual police work and broken feet stack up, the silliness gets out of hand.
0.25 Everything, including the ending, plays out exactly as you'd expect.
0.3 A silly, low-rent mash-up of Misery and Fatal Attraction, featuring neither the clever psychology of the former nor the layers of emasculation and consequence of the latter.
0.4 You can tell where this is all going, and the familiarity wouldn't be so bad if this cast could have some fun with the cliches. Alas, these CW stars pout and frown and yell, while lumbering and plodding through the Stephen King/Rob Reiner playbook.
0.2 Teen thriller/romance is gory but ho-hum. Skip it.
0.4 Homecoming is coldly efficient for what it is. But what it is is trash.
0.375 Nothing in the film is truly, laughably bad, but then -- unlike this year's Obsessed -- nothing is campily entertaining, either.
0.625 Pitched halfway between legitimately self-aware slasher camp and--shudder--a sincere relationship thriller, Homecoming hardly seems worth the hour-and-half effort at first.
0.125 There are many things to make fun of here.
0.1 From any angle this is a very ill-considered project -- an obvious contender for worst film of the year.
0.2 The emphasis placed on indoctrination, enslavement and superior alien intelligence brings the film troublingly close to subliminal propaganda, while the script is so banal you'd have to be brainwashed to enjoy it.
0.4 Solid, old-fashioned rollocking adventure? You can keep telling yourself that, but you'd be better off saving the cash, going home and watching Star Wars on video again instead.
0.0 One of the darkest, ugliest, most uninvolving and incomprehensible major-studio fantasies I've ever seen.
0.375 There's so much to mock in Battlefield Earth, it's hard to know where to start.
0.25 The film starts well with interesting comic book-style camera angles, but it never generates enough tension due to preposterous plot holes and liberal borrowings from other movies.
0.125 Battlefield Earth is like taking a bus trip with someone who has needed a bath for a long time. It's not merely bad; it's unpleasant in a hostile way.
0.2 Worst example of vanity filmmaking in years.
0.2 There's really nothing here you haven't seen before, except maybe the sight of John Travolta walking around with tubes in his nose.
0.2 If you are looking for something to hate and despise, get thee to this movie.
0.2 A folly so supreme that it occasionally inspires awe, in the sense that so many people spent so much time and money on it without ever realizing how awful it is.
0.0 Place it next to The Omega Code and The Omega Code shines.
0.0 Blame this mess on Travolta.
0.5 If this is what we have to look forward to in the year 3000, count me out.
0.0 The sets are laughably cheap, and the aliens look like geeks from a Star Trek convention who couldn't afford to buy the "good" Klingon costumes
0.3 This film maintains a surprising consistency of bad acting and directing almost from the first frame to the last.
0.1 AAAAAAAAGHHHH! MY EYES! IT BURNS! IT BURNS!
0.25 Just too absurd to pay full price to see in a theater.
0.375 It's as if Travolta wanted to destroy his career again just to see if he could stage another comeback.
0.0 finds (Travolta) wobbling around in the highest platform shoes since Elton John and sporting bizarre dreadlocks... the oddest vanity production imaginable, one in which the main attraction is nearly impossible to recognize.
0.0 Utterly inane and innocuous in the most harmless, uninteresting way -- the fruit of an overrated star's overblown ego, recklessly indulged by studio excess.
0.2 O diretor Roger Christian acredita que 'ter estilo' e simplesmente inclinar sua camera o tempo todo.
0.5 Ah, it ain't really that terrible.
0.4 You never care about anyone as they give their lives to save humanity. Ho hum. That's the worst crime in this otherwise so-bad-it's-good mess.
0.5 The story is quite weak, with the pace all over the place.
0.2 Every bit as bad as its reputation implies.
0.0 Clearly, at no point did anyone say, "Man, this is a steaming pile of hangover dung - why don't we fix it?"
0.2 A botched adventure that looks suspiciously like any number of other sci-fi tales you will have seen, and pales instantly by the comparison.
0.25 Legions of science-fiction fans will feel compelled to approach the ticket booth and scream for a refund.
0.25 Travolta's performance isn't even bad enough to be campy; it's just bad.
0.6 The end result is a high-budget star vehicle with big special effects that looks in every other way like any one of over a hundred other nameless low-budget post-Apocalyptic science fiction movies that have been made in the last 30 years or so.
0.625 Is it worth seeing once? Sure.
0.7 Despite starting off like a bad Star Trek episode, this film eventually graduates to a higher level.
0.125 Looking back on this film, I can't find anything nice to say about it.
0.4 A disaster of epic proportions.
0.125 John Travolta and Forest Whitaker do some Hollywood slumming in this tenement of a sci-fi thriller. (10-year-olds may enjoy.)
0.25 Is it as bad as advertised? Oh yes, very much so.
0.625 The characters are so deliciously absurd.
0.3 They brought it into existence, this hellbeast of a movie, this monstrosity, this slap in the face of all that is good and right and beautiful and sweet and gentle. Oh, the humanity! Hide the children's eyes!
0.39 Travolta and his fellow bad guy (played by Forest Whitaker) spend an inordinate amount of time cackling and showing off poor oral hygiene.
0.1 Now that it's finally on the screen, we discover that the science-fiction epic Travolta considered a Holy Grail is silly junk.
0.25 A pretty terrible film.
0.2 If you are the type of person who likes to watch traffic accidents, then this is for you.
0.3 Didn't anyone stand up at a production meeting to say that the script is idiotic? That the movie steals unashamedly from countless other sci-fi movies?
0.25 A noisy, chaotic, sloppily edited and embarrassingly banal and derivative saga.
0.4 The movie is so outrageously, spectacularly, unbelievably bad that we stare at it with some sort of appalled curiosity. It fails on so many levels that it's fascinating, although not so much that I'd sit through it again.
0.375 Deeply dumb, depressingly derivative and just plain nonsense.
0.0 Simply put, Battlefield Earth is the worst film I've seen in over 10 years, and believe me, that's saying a lot.
0.5 The movie plays like an uglier, Earth-bound Star Wars, interrupted by frequent Psychlo temper tantrums.
0.0 It's so unbelievably and egregiously bad, you have to wonder if they did it on purpose.
0.2 Battlefield Earth should be shown only at maximum-security prisons when a prisoner is tossed in solitary for bad behavior.
0.0 Battlefield Earth bathes in a pool of utter ridiculousness and cheesy visual styles, then stands up expecting everyone to admire it
0.125 The leader bares a resemblance to Andy Rooney of 60 Minutes, eyebrows and all. It would have been apropos for him to look into the camera and say, 'Don't you just hate it when you waste money on really stupid movies with cheesy special effects?'
0.0 I hated this movie, and I had a great time doing it.
0.125 It's probably obvious by now that Battlefield Earth is far from cerebral or anything even remotely serious.
0.5 Battlefield Earth is long and tedious.
0.2 So overwrought, overacted and overwhelmingly inept that it must be seen to be believed.
0.25 While the look is cool -- like a tinted B&W film, all washes of green, blue, amber and red -- the story's broad strokes are painfully cliched and its details make no sense at all.
0.5 The plot depends on the most ludicrous decisions and senseless actions ever made by a thinking race.
0.375 The only people this film could recruit are members of the rock band Kiss, who, with their high-heeled boots and face paint, might figure they've got a spot if this alien thing ever really came down.
0.3 It will no doubt take a place of honor in the proud pantheon of 'What Were They Thinking?' cinema, right alongside The Postman and Howard the Duck.
0.2 As for the allegation that this boring movie will recruit youth -- I doubt it!
0.2 Christian has chosen ... the sneaky trick ... of making ... the film ... so ... plodding ... that you'll leave ... the theater ... wondering ... whether ... 1,000 years ... have ... passed ... since ... you ... went ... in.
0.0 It can stand as the quintessential example of big moviemaking ineptitude.
0.0 A disaster of epic proportions!
0.0 I cannot help but think that maybe [Travolta's] laughing that he was able to sucker people into pouring millions of dollars toward making such an unspeakable waste.
0.5 We get so used to foreign filmmakers giving us original twists on genres like horror it's disappointing to be reminded that they can be banal and derivative too.
0.5 Every new zombie movie, however, has to be a little bit different than the one that came before it. Otherwise, it wouldn't be horrifying or much fun.
0.625 It's almost endearing how little Wirkola disguises his thefts from the gore-fests of Raimi, Peter Jackson and George A. Romero.
0.625 ...gorehounds will undoubtedly be willing to overlook the movie's various flaws once the admittedly stellar third act rolls around.
0.7 The sprightliest movie about mowing down revenants with a chainsaw that you are are ever likely to see.
0.75 The Norwegian Nazi-zombie movie Dead Snow is quite the jolly mountain holiday, pitting a group of medical students against a battalion of undead, unpleasant and unstoppable German soldiers hellbent on ruining a perfectly good Easter vacation.
0.5 This splatter film is set in Norway, but rest assured, it sticks with the formula.
0.625 If Mystery Science Theater 3000 had never existed, Dead Snow would have had to invent it.
0.6 Those undead baddies, allegedly flash-frozen since World War II, are kind of unique, but they don't make up for the sense of deja vu one feels watching the rest of Wirkola's bloody vacation-from-hell-athon.
0.675 A mindlessly entertaining horror film that starts off slow and dull, but, midway, it turns into a tongue-in-cheek, gory and guilty pleasure that will please avid horror fans. For maximum enjoyment, see it late at night with a large group of friends...
0.53 Can't resist the urge to make the mordant comedy implicit in these movies more literal than it should be.
0.6 Despite some dry humor, this is no-frills horror, from the hacked limbs to the gouged eyes.
0.75 [Director] Wirkola keeps the narrative taut, wasting not a frame; and he throws in funny moments, one involving a Nazi's icky intestine. Matt Weston's cinematography adds to the twisted charm.
0.4 Trust me, either this isn't your kind of movie at all or you've seen everything here done better and with fewer metaphoric quotation marks hovering over it.
0.6 Chomp-chomp, zip-zip go the Nazi zombies in Dead Snow, a self-consciously outlandish horror flick.
0.625 If you're in the mood for splatter, well, any film in which someone avoids a nasty fall by grabbing not a rope but a slowly unwinding intestine is certainly in the mood to deliver it.
0.7 Told in three completely different acts and styles, Dead Snow is like a primer of how the last 30 years of Hollywood horror has redefined the international scary movie landscape.
0.6 The movie definitely delivers in the gore department. The movie's problem -- you knew there had to be one -- is its uncertain tone.
0.75 Hitler of the Dead!
0.625 If you tamp down your expectations there is a storm of scary fun to be had in this Scandinavian splatterfest.
0.7 Finally a terrified 20-something has the opportunity to dangle off a cliff while hanging by the intestines of a Nazi zombie.
0.5 Norwegian zombie film is pretty standard, by-the-numbers fare, so generic it might as well have been shot by a soulless Hollywood studio.
0.6 DEAD SNOW is done with sufficient style to keep it interesting, but a little originality would have gone a long way.
0.75 Hematophagous audiences dissatisfied with Drag Me to Hell could do worse for a double feature than Dead Snow, a Norwegian love letter to American camp-horror.
0.7 It's a nice zombie confection with a smirking swirl...basically a love letter to Sam Raimi's first two Evil Dead films.
0.375 Dead Snow features a great premise - Nazi zombies! - and literally nothing else for horror hounds to chew on.
0.5 how does one ever live up to the promise of Nazi zombies?
0.8 Director Wirkola obviously knows the zombie genre inside out %u2013 and isn't afraid to pull its innards out farther than they've been pulled before.
0.7 Although not exactly all that scary, Dead Snow earns big points for enthusiasm, creativity, and a powerful devotion to all things ultra-splattery.
0.6 A fine little fable of business world mores that has the gross misfortune to turn into a horror film at a time when nobody quite knew what horror was.
0.875 Mike Nichols' underrated 1994 hybrid not only of wolf and man, but also of satire and horror...an eccentric film that may well be regarded, decades hence, as a movie classic. [Blu-ray]
0.6 With the always edgy, slightly demonic, and predictably unpredictable Jack Nicholson as the wolf man, it actually works . . . almost.
0.8 Worth it to see Nicholson the wolf in fang-to-fang battle.
0.8 Up until the rote ending, an elegant and witty take on the werewolf story.
0.8 On the surface a literate werewolf thriller, the subtext of Mike Nichols' Wolf is a sharp critique about what it takes to succeed in the cutthroat corporate world.
0.4 Plenty of Howl, Little Bite
0.4 Cerebral werewolf yarn that just doesn't work.
0.4 Never succeeds in recreating the classics.
0.6 'Jack Nicholson as a lycanthrope' is an interesting pitch, and it makes for a decent enough film.
0.6 A different approach to the werewolf saga, aided by Nicholson's bizarre performance
0.79 It is movies like Wolf that reinvigorate the movie fan lurking inside us all, showing us that commercial and artistic success can truly coexist in modern cinema.
0.75 An excellent movie directed by Mike Nichols.
0.4 Nichols tries mightily to put a new spin on a very old tale, but try as he might, he never gets much off the ground.
0.6 Nicholson as a werewolf is kind of redundant, isn't it?
0.625 Monster movies are supposed to frighten the audience; this one fails utterly in that arena.
0.75 Most of the way, Wolf is quite satisfying, and Nicholson is in top form.
0.75 It's a wonderfully entertaining and beautifully performed film.
0.75 An effective attempt to place a werewolf story in an incongruous setting, with the closely observed details of that setting used to make the story seem more believable.
1.0 One of the best scary movies ever made, one of the best scary movies even imaginable.
1.0 A masterpiece.
1.0 The first time I saw Stanley Kubrick's The Shining, I had to turn it off during three key moments... Perhaps this time, I prayed, [it] would seem almost comically silly. Yeah, not so much.
0.875 ...above all a movie about spaces, and how few things are more frightening than not knowing which way to go.
1.0 Strange and deeply creepy.
1.0 The technique is as overpowering as Nicholson's performance, which is both hammy and deeply disturbing.
0.6 Kubrick's compositions and Jack Nicholson going kill-crazy with an axe remain hard to beat on the big screen.
1.0 Re-cut or not, The Shining remains one of the most viscerally disturbing films ever made.
1.0 Deeply scary and strange.
1.0 Essential viewing. Prepare to be disturbed.
1.0 Its artful ambiguities are immersive. Check in.
0.8 Kubrick doesn't dumb it down or anything, but he's not actively trying to appeal only to film connoisseurs either. If any of his movies could be called mainstream, it's this one.
1.0 The Shining is an intense and not always ingratiating experience, a natural bookend to 2001...
0.75 As a ghost story and adaptation of the Stephen King novel, it's largely a failure. On the other hand, as an example of directorial bravura and as a study of madness and the unreliable narrator, it's a brilliant success.
1.0 The Shining met the fate of several other Stanley Kubrick films when it came out; most viewers did not like it, so they rejected it. Most importantly, they did not understand it in any way which allowed them to deal with it constructively.
1.0 It's the experience more so than the actual content of The Shining that radiates cold, anti-humanly indifferent terror.
1.0 Ostensibly a haunted house story, it manages to traverse a complex world of incipient madness, spectral murder and supernatural visions... and also makes you jump.
1.0 The movie is not about ghosts but about madness and the energies it sets loose in an isolated situation primed to magnify them.
1.0 With remarkable visual panache and a keen sense of irony, Stanley Kubrick rehabilitates Stephen King's trashy, terrifying novel.
1.0 Kubrick's use of space and the eerie steadycam have never been put to better use.
1.0 Kubrick's spellbinding 1980 horror epic is one of the true masterpieces to come out of the genre. And Nicholson's descent into unbridled insanity is simply unforgettable.
0.625 "Here's Johnny!" ... Kubrick's grandiose Jack-in-a-box shocker is a fright, but it's hardly up to his earlier brilliance.
1.0 Regardless of how you read the film, there's little denying that it's a masterful work.
0.8 An immortal classic.
0.4 One of Kubrick's most severely overcooked, overdetermined projects; Duvall fascinates, but the rest bores and wearies.
1.0 Among a handful of the scariest movies ever made.
1.0 The beauty of Kubrick's film is the ambiguity of it all . . . will leave the gears turning long after the credits stop.
0.875 Though it could have been edited tighter, The Shining is still a great film.
0.4 The trappings are brilliant, but Kubrick ultimately loses the essence of the source material - and he's too good to expect anything less.
0.8 Among that rare class of adaptations: it is as good as or better than the source material.
0.9 A mysterious, haunting, visual experience.
0.8 Boy will it chill your blood.
0.8 By the second hour all hell breaks loose, and in the last few minutes it's sheer terror.
1.0 A deliberately paced, but endlessly creepy, horrifying motion picture.
0.9 Strays from the source material, but still a creepy classic.
1.0 Kubrick's showcase of abilities, both with the camera and his characters, are incomparably haunting.
0.7 Not Kubrick's greatest work (let's be honest: entire sections of this film make no sense at all), but hey, it's creepy as hell.
0.9 Chilling, majestic piece of cinematic fright.
0.875 One of the scariest films I've ever seen. And I'm not easily scared.
0.5 The movie thinks too diminutively of human intelligence, even by horror film standards.
0.8 it's the killer's bizarre motivations that truly terrify
0.375 ...there's no denying that - as a horror flick - the film fails miserably...
0.0 ...amateurish and flat-out irredeemable...
0.8 Palumbo has managed to take the best pieces of horror, thriller, and truth and patch them together in a tirade of horrific and disturbing imagery.
0.0 Aspires to be a highly stylized exploration of the mind of a serial killer, but it's nothing more than a gory, bloodsoaked snuff film, reveling in its own shock value as women are stabbed, strangled, raped and mutilated.
0.2 The director Nick Palumbo is determined to shock through a fictional German-born serial killer, who makes his mission clear with every thrust of knife blade and pelvis.
0.75 An interesting effort to make the ultimate horror movie by imitating modern classics of the genre in a systematic way.
0.3 A rather sickening marathon strung together by the flimsiest of subplots and populated exclusively by blood-soaked strippers.
0.6 Really quite fun. Up to a point.
0.6 The plot may sound fairly simplistic but underneath the blood and guts there's a biting satire about rich cosseted students signing up to causes they hardly understand.
0.625 The Green Inferno receives a palpable shot in the arm from the characters' initial arrival into the tribe's primitive camp...
0.75 A fun and interesting twist on the travelogue sub-genre of horror ... far better than many horror movies with twice the budget.
0.7 A very slow start threatens to derail The Green Inferno, but once the terror begins, it never lets up and Roth once again proves why he's a master of horror.
0.7 if you want an absolutely brutal experience that's tough to endure, just like CANNIBAL HOLOCAUST, this is probably the movie for you.
0.4 Granted, any reconsideration of the slasher film deserves acknowledgment, but Bloodline remains too contrived and addled to transcend its genre.
0.6 Bloodline certainly works in an "indie calling card" fashion, and it should prove just entertaining enough to grab the attention of the hardcore horror fans.
0.3 A leaden, but not especially wretched example of early-'90s body horror...As the third Hellraiser, though, Hell on Earth is beyond worthless.
0.3 In Hellraiser III: Hell on Earth, Pinhead is definitely the star of the show, but by now the novelty of his evil look and graceful wickedness are wearing a mite thin.
0.0 Try to defend it. I dare you.
0.6 Arguably the weakest of the trilogy, but still packing just enough brains and red meat to keep the Pinfans sated.
0.4 Pinhead, indeed.
0.2 I've heard about cutting corners in the makeup-FX department, but isn't holding back on fangs a bit much?
0.4 A rare horror film in which the heroes are better drawn than the monsters, this trips up because Schaech doesn't cut it as a master fiend and the car chases distract from the dread.
0.4 It's not a scary movie, it's a vampire movie. And in reality, it's kind of a bad vampire movie.
0.5 This one got a little redundant about halfway through.
0.3 As a horror film, it's not scary nor suspenseful; and as an action picture, it's not terribly exciting, if at all.
0.2 The only true forsaken are the disillusioned patrons seeking a good vampire movie.
0.5 An unoriginal, but occasionally pungent little horror flick.
0.3 Cinematic junk food.
0.5 Se puede ver solamente si se es fanatico del genero o si se asiste al cine con ganas de dejar las neuronas en la entrada por un par de horas.
0.6 The Forsaken is positively anaemic.
0.25 Vampire movies are almost by definition cheesy, but "The Forsaken" is a lot cheesier than most.
0.3 The time may finally be ripe to leave the bloodsuckers to their coffins and move on to less familiar terrors.
0.375 Not enough to convince the target audience of easy-to-please teenybopper mallrats that this isn't a tired piece of work.
0.2 God has forsaken us all by allowing this movie to be made.
0.0 A wearying desert-bound mess of exposed flesh, horrendous editing, retrograde effects and a grade-Z story.
0.25 Watching it isn't so much disgusting as it is just a colossal waste of time.
0.4 Cardone's style with the unpleasant material is as ruthlessly cut-and-slash as that of his blood-sucking villains.
0.4 An annoying one-two-three punch of crappy acting, shoddy scriptwriting, and poor direction.
0.6 Worth it for the surreal suspense it belts out.
0.5 It trots out its full arsenal of shock tactics far too early in the game and squanders the suspense it has accumulated.
0.53 Doesn't infuse the vampire genre with new life, instead leaving it as listless as a dot-com stock.
0.375 Puked-up blood, inexplicable explosions and naked breasts are pretty much all The Forsaken has to offer.
0.5 Unoriginal but not terrible.
0.4 Reeks like the day old apple you left lying in you back seat after a long hot miserable driving day.
0.2 0.5
0.5 A definite improvement over the fourth and fifth installments...
0.125 The murderous Jason is back in the latest chapter of the most offensive series in film history, unless Burt Reynolds makes three more Smokey and the Bandit pictures real quick.
0.6 Although the first four sequels had their own brand of tongue-in-cheek horror, Part VI marked the first step into overt campiness of the series.
0.625 While there's a superficial been-there-done-that, why don't-we-just-mock-the-whole-thing quality to this entry in the series, it certainly livens up what has become by this point a stale franchise.
0.4 Does Jason ever die? On with the franchsie.
0.75 Jason pretty much kicks ass
0.2 It's kind of a nice film, and nice exploitation films are nobody's idea of a good time.
0.7 Gives us a couple of good, self-referential laughs ... the film is probably the most enjoyable of the series, but it isn't the best.
0.25 Of note: Electricity will figure prominently in just about every Friday the 13th entry from this point onward.
0.8 The best Jason until Jason X. Has a sense of humor and a good story.
0.6 Possibly the best Jason movie, which admittedly isn't saying a whole lot. Great Alice Cooper theme tune.
0.7 Is it a great horror picture? Oh, no, though within the confines of an artistically dubious series, it's like a work of minor genius.
0.2 Please put Jason out his misery!
0.6 The only good Friday. Fast paced, funny and nicely atmospheric. Neat ending.
0.75 above all funny, a largely enjoyable near-spoof of slasher films in general and the Friday the 13th series in particular.
0.59 A sly sense of humor helps alleviate the tedium of the 6th go-round.
0.2 Idiota a ponto de levar o espectador a desejar sofrimento eterno a todos os envolvidos no projeto.
0.6 Wet-your-pants-funny, better than "Scary Movie 2"
0.0 Imagine the lamest joke you've ever heard and then stretch it out to around an hour and fifteen minutes...
0.6 A very effective low-budget Deliverance ripoff. Up there with Piranha, The Evil and Capone as one of Roger Corman's most entertaining productions.
0.4 Director Manuel Carballo seems to be trying for the psychological unease of Blindness, or perhaps of something by Cronenberg, but it's never more than artificial terror wrapped in bland social commentary.
0.625 This is a serious, austere film that feels as if it's barely restraining the B-movie within. In the end, it fights itself to a draw.
0.6 The Returned is a zombie movie without the zombies, generating scares through social commentary and human nature, which actually makes for a welcome change of pace.
0.8 Refreshingly intelligent, subversive and psychologically terrifying. It's much more than your average zombie film.
0.625 Carballo offsets the lack of surprise with such efficient suspense builders as propulsive music, ambient noise, realistic lighting and judicious handheld camerawork while efficiently explaining the science and politics behind what is happening.
0.4 The Returned is sort of about prejudice and paranoia, but for the most part, the social commentary is as absent as the action, with both taking a back seat to clever conceptualizing.
0.75 One of the most original, entertaining, and creepy zombie movies of recent years.
0.375 Manuel Carballo's film proves that the zombie narrative is still capable of subversion, but does so with the laziest, Lifetime-grade intimations of social relevance.
0.8 Fantastic performances from the two leads make for a very powerful film. It's truly a technical achievement on every count and while It may not be for everyone, if you can stomach it, watch it!
0.7 A Serbian Film has a real point to be made. The sad thing is that it is lost on most people who will be offended to the point of dismissing the movie as trash.
0.6 For all its hysteria and nasty shock tactics, A Serbian Film does have something to say about representations of sexuality, cinematic violence and audience culpability.
0.75 The rare piece of transgressive art that's more grimly meditative than satirical or allegorical, A Serbian Film's most daring aspect may be the muddle of soul-searching it demands from its audience.
0.3 Spasojevic successfully grabs the audience's attention, and then he just abuses the privilege rather than doing anything worthwhile with it.
0.5 "A Serbian Film" revels in its sheer inventive awfulness and dares the viewer to find a more serious layer of meaning.
0.2 In its histrionic dream logic, the movie says as much about Eastern Europe as Twilight does about the Pacific Northwest. Frankly, you'd be better off self-abusing.
0.7 I admire and detest it at the same time. And I will never watch it again. Ever.
0.2 Pseudo-intellectual claptrap at its very worst.
0.4 More camp than corrosive, A Serbian Film is hard to take seriously.
0.7 It's deliberately controversial and extremely grisly, but it also has a strong message that encompasses both politics and the sex industry. But it's not for the weak-stomached.
0.2 Spasojevic has created a migraine-inducing "controversy" with this badly acted and directed porn-horror nightmare that aspires to be a satire on the dark heart of modern Serbia, with oblique references to the 1990s war.
0.2 A sordid welter of sexual sadism, incestuous necrophilia and 'snuff movie' nihilism.
0.4 Its parade of rape, necrophilia and paedophilia involving newborns feels like a blatant attempt to create lucrative tabloid controversy.
0.4 You look at it as you would ogle a car crash.
0.6 If you collect controversy, this is a must-see, interesting, important and worth a heated discussion over the stiff drinks you'll need after you see it.
0.2 What's most offensive is director Sr&#273;an Spasojevi&#263; risible insistence that the unpleasantness on offer is an allegory for the sorry political plight of Serbia.
0.8 An extreme film for people who haven't seen very many extreme films...it will do its dirtiest work among the unprepared at film festivals or art houses.
0.8 Malo koje se ostvarenje moe pohvaliti time da je izazvalo tako otre reakcije, i to naj&#269;e&#263;e me&#273;u ljudima koji ga nisu, a vrlo &#269;esto ni nemaju namjere pogledati
0.125 The horror. The hor-ror!
0.2 Lame monster movies like this adaptation of the popular Atari video game are scary for all the wrong reasons.
0.125 The late Gene Siskel once devised a simple method of measuring a film's worth: 'Is this film more interesting than a documentary of the same actors having lunch?' 'Alone in the Dark' doesn't come close to matching that standard.
0.3 better than expected, but, considering the reputation of its author, this isn't much of an achievement
0.2 Eu devia ter suspeitado de algo quando meu aparelho de DVD pareceu se recusar a rodar este filme. E posso jurar que ele pediu um Cepacol depois que a tortura chegou ao fim.
0.0 How Uwe Boll manages to scrape together enough investment money to give wing to this type of overblown, amateurish gibberish is truly a mystery of the cosmos...
0.0 Has just about everything a snarky bad movie lover could want--that is, except a guy and two robots sitting in the bottom right hand corner.
0.2 You start hoping that Ashton Kutcher is going to come out and tell them they're punk'd, because you just can't believe this is for real. You feel sorry for these actors...
0.2 It's never good when the audience starts laughing as soon as the movie begins -- and nothing has happened.
0.0 It's just the most inept filmmaking you can catch in theatres right now, or probably all year long.
0.0 The most entertainment comes from watching Slater and Dorff and trying to figure out who's got the biggest forehead.
0.25 In this chintzy video-game blow-up, Christian Slater battles zombies and transmogrified beasties, revealing the horror of a once-promising career turned miserable.
0.25 There's plenty to snicker at.
0.0 ... 96 minutes of pure torture ...
0.2 Utterly lost by its end, you can just sit back and let yourself be hijacked by the movie's outrageous dialogue, hyperventilating performances and all-around commitment to overkill.
0.2 [T]he filmmakers have no more ability to tell a story than to create three-dimensional characters. They don't so much end the film as hit the reset button.
0.25 If Ed Wood had the opportunity to fall under MTV's influence, Plan Nine From Outer Space would have looked like Alone in the Dark.
0.0 Wow. What an aptly named movie.
0.1 The title is reasonably fitting, since I very nearly was alone in the dark when I saw it.
0.2 Somewhere, Ed Wood is resting pretty comfortably right now.
0.625 Grab your funniest smartass friends and have a good time ripping this piece of crap to shreds. I know I did. But if you're looking for a good movie, stay away!
0.2 Anyone who chooses to watch this film will probably be alone in the dark as most theaters will be empty
0.2 Believe it or not, it is possible to inspire decent cinema from the roots of Nintendo or Playstation. But you can't do it with Pong-caliber talent.
0.25 Woefully murky and meaningless...The world's most durable and heavy duty flashlight couldn't bring an ounce of brightness to the underwhelming Alone in the Dark
0.1 If you find yourself alone in Alone In The Dark, run away as fast as you can. Not because this sci-fi horror movie is scary, but because it is so stupid.
0.0 If someone recommends you see Alone in the Dark, assume that person hates you or at least dislikes you.
0.125 One of the worst movies ever made.
0.1 horrific and horrible
0.0 Dear Alone in the Dark, ...It's time for me to start seeing other movies. But I will think of you always, when I sit at the movies, alone in the dark, without you.
0.1 Chances are, you'll probably find yourself alone in the theater too.
0.004 Quite possibly the worst of the year. Definiately the worst of the month.
0.125 Alone in the Dark doesn't even deserve the indignity of going straight-to-video
0.2 Trying to rehash this plot is like trying to describe a Jackson Pollock painting while drunk
0.25 Unconvincing leads, nonsensical plot, dumb staging -- this movie has it all.
0.3 Once the poorly staged mayhem erupts, there's no disguising the fact that it's all been a pointless buildup to 40 minutes of running, shooting and screaming, and you've wasted whatever time and attention you devoted to following any of its minutiae.
0.125 The film looks like it was made for $1.05 with its murky cinematography, sloppy special effects, and cheap sets.
0.25 Alone in the Dark is so awful, anyone who spends 10 bucks seeing it ought to get 11 bucks change and a written apology from the director and cast.
0.25 Dreadful.
0.0 A film so mind-blowingly horrible that it teeters on the edge of cinematic immortality.
0.25 If you are alone in the dark with Alone in the Dark, be sure to bring chewing gum -- it will provide entertainment.
0.1 The acting is awful and amateurish.
0.125 A laugh-out-loud turkey.
0.25 Never trust a movie that opens with a written introduction scrolling by that's longer than the collected works of Tom Clancy.
0.2 Too stupid to watch, too loud to nap through, Alone in the Dark shows just how tenuous Plan Nine From Outer Space's hold on that 'worst movie ever' title really is.
0.25 Ultra-violent, hyper-mindless and bruisingly loud, Alone in the Dark makes its video game predecessors look like Masterpiece Theater.
0.0 It doesn't even qualify as 'so bad it's good,' although by that standard it does have its moments.
0.25 Alone in the Dark is no better than whatever you might pick up while wearing a blindfold at Blockbuster, even if you happen to reach into a trash can.
0.25 Alone in the Dark is amateurish at best and asinine at worst.
0.375 Some concepts are meant to stay in the gaming console.
0.25 Frighteningly bad cinema is the only thing scary about Alone in the Dark, which gives video-game movies an even worse name, if that's possible.
0.25 It's tempting to call Alone in the Dark one of those movies so bad that it's almost good. But that might send the wrong signal to Hollywood.
0.25 The film is filled with hilariously bad performances, expository dialogue and production values that suggest it could have been a low-budget film-school project.
0.0 Quite possibly one of the worst movies of the decade.
0.25 I didn't see director Uwe Boll's zombie dud House of the Dead, but on the evidence of Alone in the Dark, he belongs in the pantheon of hopelessly inept directors.
0.125 Alone in the Dark presents splatter fans with garden-variety gore, and gives action-horror fans loud, unscary special effects rather than genuine suspense or bang.
0.25 No subtext, no moral, no cultural observation, no substance; if it had calories, they would be empty
0.45 There is a reason to fear being alone in the dark: it's this movie.
0.25 (Christian) Slater and (Tara) Reid share quite possibly the most awkward love scene ever recorded on film.
0.2 There's a point in the movie where it's best to stop trying to make sense out of this unintelligible story... right after the opening credits.
0.0 Perhaps hoping to be a sort of hybrid Matrix meets Indiana Jones meets Alien, Unfortunately, Alone in the Dark is just a bad movie.
0.0 On the short list of Worst Movies Ever Made.
0.25 Worse than you can imagine... see 1997's The Relic instead.
0.375 ...asking the viewer to accept Tara Reid as a scientist is pure insanity, requiring a staggering leap of faith that I can't even begin to contemplate.
0.0 I laughed. I was bored. I couldn't believe my own eyes.
0.4 As silly as it is stylish.
0.2 A hokey, recycled collection of mumbo-jumbo that unabashedly steals from a multitude of other horror films.
0.0 Laughably bad.
0.0 This horror film, spun off from an old Atari video game, is so inept on every level, you wonder why the distributor didn't release it straight to video, or better, toss it directly into the trash.
0.0 If you took the 100 worst ideas ever conceived for a science-fiction film, rattled them around in a Lotto tumbler and spilled them out onto the screen at random, you could not produce a more asinine hodgepodge than Alone in the Dark.
0.25 There are some stupid films that rock, if you turn your brain off and enjoy them. Alone in the Dark isn't one of these, though it is very stupid.
0.125 so far off the scale bad that the only possible reaction is to laugh at it -- and I do mean at it and not with it.
0.125 Saying Uwe Boll's Alone in the Dark is better than his 2003 American debut House of the Dead is akin to praising syphilis for not being HIV.
0.1 ...films like 'Battlefield Earth' and 'The Adventures of Pluto Nash' await a film of this magnitude because it gets awfully lonely on the island of misfit movies.
0.2 Obvious dry humping to inappropriate music doesn't cut it in a horror flick - at least give us some skin.
0.0 you need an actor who can make the words SOUND smart, and Reid won't be winning a Nobel Prize anytime soon (she's proof that alcohol kills brain cells ... with a vengeance).
0.0 Director Uwe Boll (is) a latter-day Ed Wood who fancies himself a cross between action-sytlish John Woo and B-movie horror-ific John Carpenter.
0.0 as predictable as watching a bag of microwave popcorn pop and as terrifying as a herd of dust bunnies
0.125 This is jaw-dropping, awe-inspiring, 'I-can't- believe-someone- made-this-crap' badness we're dealing with.
1.0 Earns its place on the list of classic horrors by honouring what came before while staking out bold new ground.
0.7 The film has style, has panache, and a strong vision ... It uses Detroit beautifully, evoking chilling foreboding from rows of deserted houses shot from the car's POV in an autumnal dread.
0.875 In It Follows, sexual activity has metaphysical implications.
0.75 The fright film du jour succeeds as both cautionary teen allegory and unnerving blend of 'Blue Velvet' and the underground 'Deadgirl' ... an instant cult classic!
0.7 Even on its own kooky, spooky terms there are lapses in plausibility here that even the most forgiving horror fan will spot, but they are more than compensated by the film's sheer number of quality shocks.
0.75 Conceived in a way that allows these cliches to be subverted, transforming... safe havens into being more dangerous and terrifying than any of the tropes themselves.
0.8 That ceaseless slow march will likely become 2015's scariest image.
0.7 Ultimately, rather than sex, what seems threatening here is impending adulthood in all its dimensions, and in its floaty, insubstantial way, It Follows catches some of the mingled excitement and terror of growing up.
0.9 It's brilliant.
0.8 The setting is contemporary crumbling Detroit, yet there's a strong '70s and '80s vibe, with some dreamy visuals (above ground swimming pools, cherry red bitten-down fingernails) and a creepy electro synth score by Disasterpeace.
1.0 A kind of art-house horror movie, an allegory about AIDS and, believe it or not, a love story, 'It Follows' is one of a kind.
0.8 Mitchell and his cast really make it work, and the soundtrack coats the whole thing in a sort of beautiful dread
0.75 So this is when I am going to break from the critical chorus of praise. It Follows wasn't flawless for me - and perhaps a victim of its own hype in that regard.
1.0 It Follows is bold, provocative, original, artfully made, perfectly acted, and creepy as hell.
0.85 The next time some old lady starts following you with an emotionless stare on her face, you are going to lose your mind.
0.875 Formally and visually it is a work of real craftsmanship, and it displays a conscious understanding of the paradoxes of the heart that the horror genre plumbs so well.
0.625 "Follows" Fails to Follow Through
0.875 It's a wildly fun conceit ... Mitchell's atmospheric rendering of It Follows gives the film a fanciful, otherworldly feel.
0.9 The perfect viewer for It Follows is one who wants to see the unsettling things that happen when genres and their expectations collide.
0.875 Even though the setup creates little more than variations on the same basic threat, the film maintains a rigorous tension that is as unrelenting as the ambiguous monstrosity that keeps coming at us.
0.875 What the movie acknowledges is that the biological imperative that perpetuates the human race carries its own curse of mortality -- that the act of reproduction passes on both the gift of life and a death sentence.
0.625 ...both memorable and controversial, inspiring the kind of water cooler horror-fan talk that the 'The Ring' managed to generate before it was diluted with all the sequels.
0.875 Good horror films rely on suspense and tension, and this one has both elements aplenty.
0.6 It Follows has a unique concept that somehow combines elements from some of your favorite supernatural films with cult classic slashers, but the appeal wears off due to its sluggishness. It comes nowhere near the hype it is receiving.
0.7 The film might not be as deep as it aspires to be, but It Follows is one retro horror movie that's quite creepy and has style to spare.
0.8 Even when you strip away the subtext and symbolism, It Follows is just a genuinely creepy movie.
0.7 It Follows specifically pays tribute to Carpenter's horror precedent in its middle-class setting, its likable characters and its spare, nerve-fraying musical soundtrack.
0.875 Remember, kids, when you have sex, you're having sex with every person they've ever had sex with. And also with a demon stalking all of you.
0.625 The better things in "It Follows" are a tempting tease for what the film's young director will do next.
0.875 Stylish filmmaking, invigorating and delightfully creepy.
0.75 ...unique and arresting.
0.8 Despite that title -- and the debt owed to 1970s cinema, most glaringly in the film's creepy techno-organ score -- It Follows largely charts its own path.
0.875 It Follows manages to bend the rules of fateful juvenile sexuality, and does so in a manner that genuinely tingles the spine and disturbs the mind.
0.75 It's hard not to share Jay's mounting panic as she watches the thing in its various guises walking slowly toward her wherever she may be, invisible to everyone else and entirely intent on destroying her.
0.75 It succeeds as a thriller, with performances that strike a grave, quiet tone suited to the film's wide shots, long takes and carefully cultivated mood of foreboding.
1.0 Writer/director David Robert Mitchell forms a provocative filmic world of slowly unfolding secrets, creating a highly disturbing, highly recommended nightmare.
0.875 It horrifies. It disturbs. It rules.
1.0 I wanted to follow it, too.
0.7 It Follows has style to burn, and the cinematography, coupled with a nuanced, synth-heavy soundtrack keeps ratcheting up the tension in smart and creative ways.
0.875 The matters of sex and lost innocence work like a thematic undertow, pulling the characters down into the dark, psychological depths.
0.625 Promises more than it delivers, but engrossing throughout.
0.9 It's about many things, but dread infuses them all. You won't be grossed out. You'll be creeped out. And that's a lot more satisfying.
1.0 Every once in a while a low-budget indie fright flick comes along that makes everything on the major studios' horror plate look like a pile of steaming crap.
0.9 While I don't quite think that David Robert Mitchell's It Follows is one of the scariest movies ever made, it is certainly one of the most unsettling.
0.75 It's all made more powerful and paranoia-inducing because the shuffling stalkers could be anyone, anytime, anywhere. They're as inexplicable as they are impossible to escape.
0.875 It Follows is both scary enough to please horror fans and deep enough to inspire term papers.
0.875 It Follows is as scary as it is because, in part, it doesn't try to be scary.
0.875 Mitchell's skills in crafting mood and building tension result in one of the most mesmerizing and suspenseful horror movies to come along in a long time.
0.4 Follows is an effective pastiche but a studied one; by the end, even its ambiguities feel overdetermined.
0.875 A sophisticated twist on the standard "have sex and die" themes of maniac movies from the late 1970s and early 1980s.
0.875 Where most teen horror movies revel in the peer group splintering and getting slaughtered, this one is more interested in how people gather around a loved one and shield her from harm.
0.8 Jennifer Kent's The Babadook, from last year, turned parenthood into the scariest story of all, and now comes David Robert Mitchell's It Follows, which merges paranoia and teen sexuality into an exercise in delicious dread.
0.5 Mitchell conjures up plenty of eerie atmospherics - the camerawork and "Halloween"-esque score are excellent - but the film never reaches terrifying heights.
0.875 "It Follows" is one of the scariest movies I've ever seen. It's also one of the most beautiful.
0.75 Creates a quiet just waiting to be pierced, observing the experience of being young and finding normalcy punctured by something new and potentially scary.
0.9 It Follows deserves to be a hit; it's the pearl you search through loads of home-brewed horror to find.
0.875 ...David Robert Mitchell's It Follows stands out as one of the stronger horror offerings of recent years.
0.9 Not since Freddy Krueger stalked teenagers in their sleep have I felt so completely like the poor kids on screen had nowhere to run, and nowhere to hide.
0.9 It Follows is itself a film that thrives in the borders, not so much about the horror that leaps out in front of you, but the deeper anxiety that waits at the verge of consciousness.
0.9 A wonderful horror film.
0.875 An intricate piece of work that derives its significant scares out of sheer cinematic bravado.
0.8 It's an undeniable triumph of mood - perfect for anyone who wants to practice clenching their fists for nearly 100 straight minutes - as well as an ambitious effort at reinventing horror by eschewing the genre's common tricks.
0.875 "It Follows" is not really about sex, but an unbearable, unsinkable mood that descends when you come of age, and never completely dissipates, not even after climactic sexual, or other violent acts.
0.75 Unlike many working in this genre, Mitchell doesn't punish young women for having sex: This is a gender-blind demonic delivery vehicle.
1.0 A creepy, counterintuitive fright fest that puts a perverse spin on the meaning of getting lucky.
0.875 A beautifully shot, nicely acted, oddly multilayered movie. And one based on the simplest scare of all: Don't look now, but something's behind you.
0.75 It Follows is yet another example of how smart the indie horror game is these days.
0.6 [A] teen slasher with one killer hook
0.5 It Follows may have a pretty terrifying premise - the kind of story that urban legends are born from - but it's much scarier in concept than execution.
0.75 The creature's terrifying persistence taps into a base fear that audiences may not have felt this strongly since Romero's slow-moving living dead first shambled onto screen.
0.75 Writer-director David Robert Mitchell has clearly studied up on John Carpenter. But Mitchell has his own twisted gift for letting atmosphere help define character. It Follows creeps you out big-time.
0.8 With long-building fears and sudden shocks both in profusion, It Follows is one of the better horror films in recent memory precisely because it turns the border between the everyday and the supernatural into a knife-edge that cuts deep into your fears.
0.75 A radically fresh, hair-raisingly inventive take on a thought-worn subgenre. In spite of its stop-and-start narrative structure, few motion pictures achieve the level of usurping dread that "It Follows" manages.
0.6 Mitchell puts a twist on familiar tropes, enhanced by Rich Vreeland's eerily atmospheric electronic score and witty references to horror-meisters from George A. Romero to John Carpenter.
0.9 Mitchell's deft handling of relationships gets threaded into an ingenious and exceedingly skillful creepshow.
0.75 A "dead teenager movie" that gives teenagers, and others, a moral dilemma to ponder? Hair-raising. Literally.
0.8 A relentless working of the nerves done with techniques cribbed from the avant-garde.
0.625 Though visionary, David Robert Mitchell's film abounds in undigested ideas and dubious sexual politics.
0.8 The crash-bang-wallop set pieces are economically choreographed and efficiently edited, but their real weight comes from the sense of brooding menace established in interim sequences in which not very much appears to be happening.
0.8 This is horror boiled down to its bones.
1.0 This brilliantly unsettling, determinedly awkward film confirms that there is plenty of life in the high-end horror movie.
0.8 Acted on me as all good horror films should, generating that prickly shiver through the shoulders and into the neck.
0.8 The ingenious new teen horror film It Follows will intrigue, puzzle and trouble audiences by turns.
0.8 The first thing that strikes you about It Follows is that it's a film made with love. And that's something that you infrequently get to say about horror films.
1.0 You won't see anything more scary this year. Unless it sees you first.
0.8 Just when it seemed that there would never be another original teen horror movie comes this rough-edged but pleasingly creepy American indie ...
0.8 A first-rate horror movie, It Follows adds a new monster to the pantheon.
0.8 It Follows unremittingly pursues the two greatest themes in both art and life, as its adolescent kids learn to stave off with sex, however temporarily, the ineluctable approach of death.
1.0 I don't think I have ever had a nightmare quite as scary as this film - a modern classic of fear to be compared to something by a young Carpenter or De Palma.
0.7 With an inventive retro style, writer-director David Robert Mitchell offers an enjoyable riff on the teen horror movie...
1.0 It won't let you go and you can't shake it off. Whether you like it or not.
1.0 A horror film that will haunt your waking hours for weeks. Every frame of It Follows is stamped with nameless dread.
1.0 Passive and relentless, familiar and terrifying, predictable and shocking - and impossible to shake off.
1.0 A sense of dread envelopes every scene thanks to combination of Mitchell's slow, measured tracking shots and the stunning score from Disasterpeace.
1.0 A bold, terrifying attack of cinema, immersive on the levels of imagery both beautiful and grotesque, and scares from the shallowest to the most pervasive.
0.85 Mitchell's measured camera movements and dedication to slow burn scares with big, terrifying payoffs are worth the price of admission alone.
0.7 It Follows is a lot like sex; even when it's kind of bad it's still pretty good.
0.7 A hauntingly original and genuinely unsettling take on familiar spooky elements that ultimately doesn't quite hang together and might even alienate hardcore horror fans.
1.0 Suspenseful, atmospheric and spine-tingling horror cinema which nods at the masters and completely astounds as it manages the tough feat of being striking, sensitive and utterly disturbing.
0.6 A low budget horror that injects new blood into the genre's evergreen 'teen sex has horrifying consequences' trope.
1.0 It's not about why things happen so much as it's about why those things can be frightening.
0.875 ...one of the most inventive, exciting, and truly frightening horror flicks to come around in ages.
0.8 David Robert Mitchell's idea might be the definition of "Slow Burn", but besides a few insignificant pacing issues, It Follows is a horrific work of art with a fresh, rewarding concept.
0.8 Truly unsettling. One of the best horror movies to come along in a while.
1.0 Tender, remarkably ingenious and scalp-pricklingly scary.
0.375 Has a smattering of effective moments and a creepy cinematographic look to it, but the sequel's redundancy to its predecessor and pulseless feints at tapping into human emotion leech the suspense out of the picture.
0.5 Director Tom Harper frames the occasional lovely creepy shot, but the grayness is so enveloping it turns many night scenes and interiors into smoky blurs; the promising wartime themes similarly lose focus.
0.4 Falls short thanks to its contrived banality, too concerned with matching the exploits of the preceding endeavour than being unique and inventive in its own right.
0.4 Composed out of almost nothing but half-measures and recycled ideas, and the result is worse than terrible: it's astoundingly mediocre and plodding.
0.4 The sequel is about as far from the original source as you can get while still using the title, The Woman in Black. It is just as far away from being interesting.
0.3 What's missing from The Woman in Black 2, and what it needs most and has least of all, is suspense.
0.4 Creepy but unnecessary sequel deals with war, kids in peril.
0.4 I can't deny that The Woman in Black 2: Angel of Death is a good looking, decently made ghost story. What I also can't deny is that it mostly just doesn't work, isn't scary and drags.
0.4 Feeble scares, punctuated by a creepy, predictable sound track...
0.4 A suspense-free step-down.
0.5 Rather than crafting a setpiece worthy of the atmosphere he's created, Harper falls back on easy, throw-the-boogens-in-the-audience's-face scares.
0.5 Apparently the vengeful spirit was not satisfied and has settled for less compelling subjects to terrorize this time around, and less compelling ways to terrorize them.
0.6 A respectably effective, decorously English addition to the current ghost story wave - Frightfully Insidious, as it were.
0.4 The Woman in Black: Angel of Death reeks of a film that was hastily cobbled together in order to capitalise on the original film's success.
0.5 The first Woman in Black was a familiar horror story effectively told; the sequel is just as familiar, but the presentation is lacking.
0.6 Director Tom Harper makes inventive use of the settings.
0.3 The Woman in Black 2: Angel of Death is yet another example that not all successful horror movies have what it takes to become successful horror franchises.
0.5 "The Woman in Black 2" might have served as an effective tribute to movies like "Curse of the Cat People." That is, if it hadn't completely squandered all this goodwill in its last third.
0.7 It may not be very clever, and the plot may be full of holes, but this sequel's clammy atmosphere is so unnerving that it manages to keep us squirming in our seats.
0.5 It's mostly deadly dull, and when it does liven up a tad, the haunted house tale offers only wan shock tactics.
0.5 The title is more intimidating than the movie.
0.4 Te eerie power of the original novel, and its memorable 1989 ITV adaptation, is missed, because she's so much scarier seen at a distance.
0.4 The 1940s setting gives the film's first half some unearned gravity, but by the end the jump-scares and rote plot frightens away the good will.
0.375 There's building tension, and then there's cheaply toying with us. This movie is a prime example of the latter.
0.35 Are you scared yet? Check this box: Yes [ ] No [X].
0.5 With an over-reliance on cheap jolts, this distaff sequel excels in fog-soaked atmosphere, but stumbles with its repetitive storytelling and stilted pacing.
0.375 Deathly dull
0.6 We return to Eel Marsh House, that spooky, bog-bedeviled pile haunted by the woman who clearly does not think orange is the new black, and holds a bit of a grudge against children as a species.
0.5 She's back, the Woman in Black, and it does give one pause to wonder if it's for no better reason than to scare up some more box office lucre.
0.5 not awful, just average
0.8 Director Tom Harper reins back on the Gothic overkill of the original, keeping the jump shocks to a minumum so when they come - you feel them.
0.6 Harper's well-appointed sequel has strong performances even if the Woman becomes a supporting character in her own tale.
0.5 The transparent title character from 2012's "The Woman in Black" is resurrected in this sequel, which abandons atmosphere for cheap scares.
0.5 The film ends up cheapening its sense of empathy in its final mad rush to subject audiences to every incarnation of the jump scare imaginable.
0.6 A much bolder, braver horror sequel than most.
0.4 With a lot of repetitive jumps, jolts and shrieking, it's a haunted house story that's only marginally more unsettling than next year's stamp duty charges.
0.3 Over-egged, underwritten and less scary than a barrel of inherently friendly puppies, The Woman in Black 2: Angel of Death fails in just about every way a horror film can.
0.6 It's missing a stand-out shock but it's well-paced, stylish and, at times, deeply unsettling.
0.6 The denouement is unexpected and satisfying, while the peril provided by the Second World War backdrop cleverly matches the supernatural suspense.
0.6 A commercially driven sequel, sure - but still effective.
0.4 Predictable shock tactics, drippy wartime romance and scenes in which the characters leaf tremulously through Victorian photo albums and spout exposition.
0.6 By no means a disaster, The Woman in Black: Angel of Death's very adequateness is its own cautionary tale. The need to keep a franchise breathing but stable, cuts off the new possibilities to make it come thrillingly alive.
0.875 In film after film, Karloff functioned as a wanderer in the shadow land between life and death. If the movies he inhabited sometimes were considered juvenile, the subject matter that motivated them couldn't have been more adult, more profound.
0.4 If you must, seek out the original to see nasty things happen to nasty people in a nasty film.
0.6 The remake deviates from its source material, giving something new for fans of the original to enjoy/moan about, and employ some imagination with a few of the killings.
0.6 As remakes go, Last House On The Left is at least a decent addition to the 1972 classic.
0.25 What's most disappointing about the 2009 version is that it strips all the moral ambiguity from the 1972 original of the same name.
0.7 Given my particular distaste for both remakes and rape-revenge movies, I was as surprised as anyone to find that this is a better horror movie than it probably should be.
0.4 The new version is tamer than the original but still dwells unpleasantly on the daughter's rape; this made me ill-disposed towards the ensuing scenes of violent payback.
0.8 Dennis Iliadis's remake retains its ferocious power and provocative themes, and thanks to a focused script that unfolds in real time, it ratchets up the suspense and sucks us into a remorseless cycle of violence and revenge.
0.4 This year's model, lacking any meaningful context of its own, is reactionary, conservative - existing purely as a slick commercial venture, more grisly grist to the multiplex mill.
0.4 A dismal reminder of just how starved Hollywood studios are for good ideas.
0.4 The narrative structure is ingenious and sexual assault is at least shown as having dramatic and human consequences of some sort, if only in the context of revenge. Wasn't the original movie enough?
0.4 This clanging cover version believes in nothing, not even its own nihilism, and the horrors it portrays leave us colder, but not wiser.
0.6 Its biggest shock is that there's much to praise, with a couple of stellar performances complementing the mounting tension and intriguingly twisting narrative.
0.6 Director Iliadis succeeds by building tension and putting everyone at unease rather than grinding out cheap shocks.
0.4 A passable, pointless remake that's as slick as it is empty.
0.3 This is not a horror, it's a thriller and as a thriller it's moderately effective but as it a film it won't leave you feeling entertained or thrilled, just a bit uncomfortable.
0.2 It has none of the underlying humanity of that other revenge thriller Eden Lake, and by the end I found the experience repulsive and deeply exploitative of its audience's worst instincts.
0.4 Predictable, pointless and pathetic.
0.6 The cast bring a level of reality to this that's surprisingly impressive.
0.4 A thought-provoking ordeal is repackaged as a middling shocker which leaves you feeling good about revenge.
0.4 Wes Craven's 1972 classic has been reworked but it has lost the edge-of-seat suspense which made the original one of the best of the genre.
0.4 Director Iliadis creates undeniably tense moments in, but the depravity is so gratuitously in-your-face that even a seasoned film critic might baulk.
0.6 As pointless remakes go, this is actually pretty good, thanks to strong performances, impressive camerawork and stylish direction.
0.4 In turning the dirt-cheap original into a glossy slice of gore-nography, Wes and director Dennis Iliadis have lost one important thing. The entire ruddy point of the exercise.
0.4 The film's nothing more than voyeuristic torture porn.
0.2 Though often well acted and at times impressively directed, the new film eliminates Craven's ugly-to-the-core visual style, tones down the violence and softens the bleakness of the original premise, yet in doing so it becomes more problematic.
0.7 This remake by Dennis Iliadis cost a great deal more than Craven's $100k and in many respects is an upgrade. What it lacks in the shock-of-the-new it makes up for with a more rounded storyline.
0.5 ... this 'Last House on the Left' doesn't have the bite of the original.
0.5 What's missing are the subversive, shocking conceits of the original.
0.7 More a thriller about family ties taken to unimaginable extremes than an attempt to engage with any real subtext.
0.25 ...a dispiriting exercise in ultra-violence that even the gorehounds will find disappointing...
0.5 A vile exercise masquarading as art.
0.4 ...just an impersonal Saturday-night revenge flick, of the sort that Michael Haneke's Funny Games (either version) eviscerated and made irrelevant.
0.75 Brutal. Graphic. Disturbing. The remake of "Last House on the Left" is all those things. And, oh yes, this adults-only story is ancient.
0.625 rectifies the original's bizarre tonal range, but also dilutes its thematic power by completely discarding the critical portrayal of vengeance as a zero-sum game
0.5 Crafted with such professionalism it might be the story of Gandhi rather than a wallow in rape, murder and the vengeance of the parents (who, true to the domestic associations of the title, dispatch the evildoers with garbage disposal and microwave oven).
0.2 Manages at once to be unpleasant and tedious.
0.7 Much less tawdry than the original, and much more harrowing.
0.4 All the slickness works against the remake because it helps to distance the audience from the unpleasantness on the screen.
0.6 Gory and violent but your inner vigilante will cheer
0.75 It presents sadism in the context of a narrative that is straightforward and believable, and for those who crave a little terror in their lives, it offers a truly unsettling experience while raising questions mundane and otherwise.
0.3 Neither a glimmer of satire nor gram of wit animates Dennis Illiadis' 109 minutes beside the lake.
0.75 An obvious improvement over its amateurish predecessor...
0.2 Shinier, but no less disgusting.
0.3 if you like rape, you'll love The Last House on the Left. The rest of America with normal sensibilities probably doesn't have the stomach for this film.
0.6 Iliadis knows a little something about mounting dread, as his slick camera work is constantly looking just past the brush for something creepy that may or may not be there. That's about as far as the praise goes for The Last House on the Left.
0.6 The Last House on the Left is alternately gross, brutal and difficult to watch. It's also arresting entertainment as its revenge tale kicks into overdrive.
0.3 There's little to set this latest Last House apart from other revenge-themed horror flicks of the past 30 years.
0.1 A shockingly mundane disappointment taken on its own and a deeply misguided refraction of the original.
0.75 The cast, although aren't A-listers, were perfect for their parts.
0.375 Do not go to this movie if you simply seek entertainment. If you're a sociologist tracking the decline of civilization over the past four decades, you're in for a night of solid research.
0.5 I was all set to give Iliadis credit for using extreme subject matter to ask smart questions about right, wrong and human nature. But then, he unleashes an unnecessary (albeit original) final scene that erases any doubt.
0.75 The action scenes are particularly gripping.
0.75 The remake is much glossier but also takes place mostly in real time, using long takes, genuinely disturbing violence and stretches with no dialogue to pin you to the story.
0.6 It must be said that The Last House on the Left is really well done, with impressive performances, masterful creation of dread and tension, perfect pacing, intense storytelling, haunting cinematography, truly sickening sound effects, and all.
0.75 A deliberate, underplayed horror movie that is truly shocking.
0.2 Repulsive and dull, together at last.
0.75 Unlike the slew of Michael Bay- produced slasher remakes, this is not an idea-free flick. And Craven (shepherding producer on this remake) believes in character. More, he believes, in engaging what the word "horror" means.
0.8 With an incredible performance by Garret Dillahunt and great supporting work by Monica Potter, Sara Paxton, Tony Goldwyn, and others, Last House is the best mainstream horror movie in a long time.
0.0 The movie means to be about how violence makes animals out of all of us, including the vengeful parents. Unfortunately, that also includes the audience.
0.5 Craven's version was sloppy and amateurish and felt like a disturbing home movie. This one feels like a Hollywood movie, like a product to be sold.
0.7 This flick is one of the most disturbing, brutal and hard-to-watch movies I have seen. It is definitely on par with the original!
0.625 Parts of The Last House on the Left are among some of the most intense you have seen in movies this year
0.6 I suspect the movie's sound designers deserve some kind of an award: thanks to them, the damage one can inflict with small appliances and a giant grudge is all too clear.
0.4 Has plenty of gore and a run-of-the-mill, unimaginative plot that feels tedious, pointless, inane and insipid.
0.7 Brutal, bloody, and bleak, The Last House on the Left is a rarity in an age of tepid remakes.
0.75 Craven himself has said that the 2009 is a marked improvement over his film and some fans I know balked at such a statement. Only the truth is they should keep repeating to themselves, 'Craven was right. Craven was right.'
0.4 While viewers left the original film shaken, disquieted and deeply disturbed, audiences here are meant to be sent out cheering over the over-the-top ways in which the bad guys are dispatched, a change that I find almost more disturbing than anything that
0.2 This is the kind of movie that prompted Michael Haneke to make Funny Games twice, and while I loathed that moralistic scold of a film, Last House almost made me concede Haneke's point.
0.0 Last House on the Left is so stomach-churningly anti-human it makes you wonder why Goldwyn...and Potter signed on.
0.625 Sure, the movie is predictable (a convenient storm causes power outages and therefore the dark house is creepily candlelit and who knows who's lurking behind the door), but it keeps its audience on edge.
0.25 Not only is it plodding and completely predictable, the carnage is rendered slowly and quasi-reverentially, making the whole brutal experience come off like torture porn.
0.5 This remake plods to its finale.
0.4 Just another meaningless horror movie.
0.625 First-time director Dennis Iliadis spices up the visual style with unusual camera and cutting choices that liven the tempo beyond typical horror-movie cliche. Time will tell whether or not this Last House launches his career.
0.5 The Last House on the Left is reverent to his original. Too bad it's not as nasty.
0.2 This remake is faithful in plot but not in spirit.
0.6 For what it is, it's effective. But lost among the bloodlust is any sense of these characters as human beings.
0.7 The remake kind of neuters the unpredictable (and sometimes wild) characters in the service of making them less ethically complicated.
0.75 Enthralling, mature and full of measured tension. The Last House on the Left is no The Virgin Spring, but it beats the pants off of its direct thirty-seven-year-old predecessor.
0.625 The Last House on the Left is the best in the latest crop of slasher remakes. Admittedly, that is faint praise.
0.6 This film...is what it is: a stark story of bloodthirstiness quenched, first by the obvious antagonists, then by sympathetic, civilized characters who avenge the atrocities that have come before.
0.625 Those viewers trapped in the film's nihilism and hoping for more can amuse themselves by looking at the film as an Aristotelian tragedy--take that, Friday the 13th remake!
0.25 Audiences with a brain cell left have only one choice: Look for the first exit on the right.
0.8 Dennis Iliadis is able to make a cult classic once told, feel relevant and terrifying all over again.
0.75 Its main goals are to shock, titillate, enrage and otherwise jolt your reflexes, which it does shrewdly and successfully.
0.625 I'm giving it a 2.5 in the silly star rating system and throwing up my hands.
0.9 A fascinating and confrontational horror film that deals with terrors a lot more chilling than some dude swinging a machete.
0.55 Morally hollow, devoid of bigger issues and discussion points.
0.5 A stylish but pointless exercise that wastes all the great talent involved.
0.75 Gone is the original's early campiness, here replaced by eye-of-the-storm calm that portends tragedy, as well as its later over-the-top grindhouse gore, now swapped for taut suspense punctuated by visceral brutality.
0.625 This film is only for those who go in with open eyes and understand what they're in for.
0.8 While at the hands of a less competent director, Last House could have been an epic failure, but Dennis Iliadis has proven to the world that he's more than capable of directing a film of this caliber - and taking it to a higher level.
0.6 This is a horror movie that illustrates the difference between cringing and feeling.
0.3 Someone somewhere will probably try to foist The Last House on the Left remake off as some sort of social commentary. Don't be fooled. It's not.
0.6 Palance pretty creepy Count
0.6 As close as had been done at that point to the original Stoker novel.
0.3 Just because a movie is made "campy" and "bad" on purpose, that doesn't automatically earn the flick some sort of Get Out of Jail Free card.
0.2 I died a little bit inside.
0.4 Richelle Mead's sharp series of young-adult novels might have been better off being adapted for longform TV, rather than the big-screen blunting they cop here.
0.2 Joining the painful list of Goth-drenched Twilight franchise wannabes - Mortal Instruments, Beautiful Creatures, Dark Shadows - comes a half-baked, yappy stab at blending sexy Undead girls into a teen high school comedy..Even hardcore Goths will be bored.
0.2 I thought it was a complete mess. I thought the teenage dialogue was puerile and that was a shame because Daniel Waters wrote the screenplay for HEATHERS, which is one of the really nice films about school but that was a long time ago.
0.5 It is so silly, so convoluted in terms of plot, but so insouciant that it almost gets away with it. Almost.
0.2 The screenplay by Daniel Waters, the director's brother, is stuffed with puerile dialogue, all the more disappointing given that, back in 1988, he wrote one of the best school movies, Heathers.
0.5 Previous teen films from brothers Daniel and Mark Waters had a lot of bite, so it's sad their first collaboration is a toothless horror-adventure-comedy-romance motivated by The Weinstein Company's eagerness for a Harry Potter-meets-Twilight franchise.
0.4 It was almost touching to reach the end of Vampire Academy and find that it not only left itself open for a sequel, but seemed so certain of that eventuality that it set one up.
0.4 Vampire Academy occasionally plays as if it's on fast-forward, rushing from one moment to the next without providing much reason to care about what's happening[.]
0.4 It's not a complete disaster, but even the appearance of Gabriel Byrne, as Lissa's uncle Victor, fails to make much of a dent in the slapdash proceedings.
0.2 A fast-paced yet foolishly fanged fable...
0.125 When the dream sequence killing off the cast is better than everything afterward, you MIGHT have a script problem... This is why we can't have good vampire movies.
0.7 I'm happy to report that Vampire Academy is actually a pretty fun little flick that shoots for flip and actually lands there.
0.0 Makes TWILIGHT look good - something I never thought I would say about any movie ever - now please excuse me while I go wash my mouth out with soap.
0.2 Vampire Academy is just another failure in a long line of similarly structured experiences and quite frankly, the fact that there are six of these books blows my mind.
0.2 Put Robert Pattinson in Grade 12 and outfit his classmates with cleavage that would make Hermione blush, and you have a notion of the joys in store here.
0.5 Most of the time, the actors are working so hard to keep us up on developments in the plot that they don't have time to fill in character details.
0.25 The only thing that distinguishes this teen-magnet wannabe from its predecessors is how lazily it appears to have been slapped together.
0.375 It's "Twilight" as directed by Mark Waters, of "Mean Girls." It's an idea that might have been intriguing 15 years ago, before those movies existed.
0.3 If a supernatural teen film ever required CliffsNotes, it would be this one.
0.4 Vampire Academy will likely only satisfy fans of the books. To most everyone else, it's another disposable addition to the growing pile of cheap YA movie adaptations.
0.0 One idea, mixed with lame jokes, and stretched beyond coherence. Vampire Academy doesn't need a review. It needs a stake in the heart.
0.6 For the target audience - teen girls likely to spend as much time gossiping in the theater lobby as they are to actually watch the movie - "Vampire Academy" is pure catnip.
0.125 If I laughed once more, I would have laughed once.
0.5 Only a fraction of the scores of attempted jokes work, but it's still funnier than it has any right to be.
0.3 Mark Waters' 'Vampire Academy' is a tedium of heavy exposition, tired pop culture humor and some of the lamest vampires ever...
0.2 Hard to believe the same Daniel Waters who wrote HEATHERS wrote this. The mythology here is hilariously convoluted. Also- the subtext about the Dhampirs being content servants (slaves even) is more than a little odd.
0.2 a stink bomb like this requires the devotion of a true fan to not only figure out what's going on, but why we should care in the first place
0.7 The 'found footage' horror movie Apollo 18 recycles the premise of The Blair Witch Project on the moon and still manages a few good scares.
0.375 "The cheap frights don't deliver, the performers bring no pathos and the gimmick behind "Apollo 18&#8243; flat out does not work."
0.2 It's impossible to recommend Apollo 18 to anyone but the most staunch found-footage fans. The film fails every requirement of a tense and enjoyable time at the theater.
0.5 "Apollo 18" is another dud in a genre that should have stopped before it got out of hand.
0.35 Feels like nothing more than an attempt to cash in on a trend, and it's a textbook example of how not to do that.
0.125 An astonishingly incompetent and interminable piece of work...
0.3 Apollo 18 is a mercilessly dull movie that just doesn't make much sense. It's light on thrills, and the found-footage gimmick works against the tension.
0.6 if you can push past the suspension of disbelief, it's a pretty eerie ride
0.75 Movies with 'found footage' have become quite popular since the advent of 'The Blair Witch Project.' The authentic feel adds to the horror element as these movies unfold. (One great example is 'The Last Exorcism,' a sadly under-seen movie.)
0.7 There are a couple of moments here that are as marrow-freezing as anything in Blair Witch or Paranormal Activity.
0.6 A simple sci-fi horror with just enough scares to keep you interested.
0.2 I can only assume this movie is for people who know virtually nothing about the space program.
0.2 [A] zero-intensity space bore.
0.4 Apollo 18 has some nice ideas, some impressive effects work and a decent finale, but the first half is extremely dull and it's ultimately let down by frustrating sound design work, severe pacing problems and some incoherent editing.
0.5 Apollo 18 is an intriguing, if never enthralling, fusion of period space-flight procedural, conspiracy theory, and monster movie.
0.8 [It] really delivers a fun, tense experience.
0.6 Will bring back a lot memories for anyone who lived through the space race.
0.4 For the most part, alas, this only goes to show that in space, no one can hear you yawn.
0.1 What we have here is Conspiracy Theory 101 all Blair-Witched-up.
0.5 Dull, but diverting if you focus on the images' eerie beauty.
0.4 So utterly broken at a conceptual level that a truly good film was completely out of the question.
0.4 The documentary look and feel of the movie is impressive until it is overcome by the inaneness of the plot
0.4 Apollo 18 always seems like an attempt at a scary movie edited by scary movie-makers, rather than an actual document from the NASA vaults.
0.25 Watching people land on the moon isn't all that interesting or photogenic, especially when we know it's pretend.
0.375 In space, no one can hear you scream ... but you'll hear plenty of giggling in the final moments of Apollo 18
0.2 It's a tedious faux documentary, filled with schlocky sound-effects and jarring cuts, utilizing TV actors masquerading as astronauts.
0.375 Boredom sets in long before the last muted shriek. And who cares about the astros? We never get to know them anyway.
0.375 For most horror fans it will be kind of a snooze.
0.4 It's not awful - you just wish they'd made a proper movie out of it.
0.3 Meticulous in its "found" visual details, minorly smart in concept, painfully slow to actually watch and so ridiculous in its big reveal that it almost has to be seen to be believed.
0.25 The film is so difficult to watch, and it's such a chore to discern a sense of place and perspective, that it sits onscreen like a big, dead weight.
0.4 It goes to such painstaking lengths for stylistic plausibility that the end product is actually quite dull, squandering its novel 'Paranormal Activity in space' concept as a result.
0.625 One giant leap for Big Brother ... scruffy, seat-of-the-pants filmmaking. The kind of thing you don't see much any more ... could do for Lopez-Gallego what 'Dark Star' did for John Carpenter.
0.2 Accomplishes something the world wasn't really crying out for: it recreates the tedium of watching the later Apollo missions.
0.2 The film takes a startlingly long time to rev up, and even at less than 90 minutes feels thin and at moments like it is playing for time.
0.4 A potentially cool "found footage" flick that is desperately in need of a lot more brains ... or a lot more silliness.
0.375 ...let's have an end to this misbegotten subgenre of 'found footage' movies.
0.2 nauseatingly bad
0.0 Has no thrills, no chills, no scares and contains a villain, or several of them, actually, that will turn you to stone -- from boredom.
0.5 If anything, Apollo 18 lacks creative intensity. It's a very lazy attempt at bringing terror to the moon. In fact, it's not even scary, unless of course you consider a sleeping dude opening his eyes and yelling into the camera "frightening"
0.5 Even with effective atmosphere, a couple of jump scares and a spooky premise, Apollo 18 simply falls apart in the end.
0.6 More than just a lunar 'Paranormal Activity.'
0.7 Apollo 18 is a surprisingly intense, innovative and well-directed flick that made me jump out of my seat more than a few times!
0.625 Less concerned with depth and more about the strict skillfulness of capturing an increasingly queasy tone and mood. This is where it works.
0.4 No final das contas, ate mesmo os dois personagens principais se tornam apenas caricaturas de homens descontrolados e em perigo, abandonando qualquer tentativa de tridimensionalidade.
0.3 Let's go ahead and get this out of the way because I'm sure you're dying to know: no, you shouldn't see Blitzkrieg: Escape From Stalag 69.
0.1 Much of the material is done in poor taste and reads as outright juvenile.
0.65 There's not much to Mum & Dad, besides what needs to be there to achieve grisly effectiveness. What is most disturbing about it is the way that it captures and distorts the very dynamics that exist in any family.
0.5 Could [become] a cult item in the genre.
0.7 This lean, mean British horror is just gonzo enough to overcome the limits of the formula and keep us entertained
0.5 ...the novel premise and Jovovich's strong performance almost manage to compensate for the pervasively uneven atmosphere.
0.4 Mergulha nas velhas perseguicoes de sempre, sendo ainda mais prejudicado pelos dialogos pavorosamente ruins.
0.6 A fine attempt, and fine entertainment, but not one for the ages.
0.4 Unfortunately, the 12A rating means that the film lacks the two most essential ingredients for a teen horror flick: sex and gore.
0.4 Aside from leading lady Lindy Booth and a directorial style that screams for a smarter screenplay, there's very little here that'll thrill the horror hounds and/or the gore gourmets.
0.3 Nothing about the plot has any real spark, besides the gimmicky set-up.
0.5 ...ultimately unsatisfactory...
0.7 If you want something that asks you to think along with it to keep up with the characters and plot, Cry_Wolf's a good place to be.
0.75 Here's a little movie that should have thriller aficionados licking their chops.
0.1 You know you're in trouble when Jon Bon Jovi is the most impressive actor in the bunch.
0.2 Rumors of the slasher genre's death have not been greatly exaggerated, if this Chrysler Million Dollar Film Contest winner is any indication.
0.3 another case of a modern thriller where we are expected to accept too many silly things
0.1 I don't mind that the plotting is as transparent as a roomful of Saran Wrap. what I object to is that this movie is terminally, sleep-inducingly boring.
0.625 A cut above the rest.
0.625 Not only is it kind-of-sort-of-almost good, but it's also arguably the best horror movie in theaters right now -- thanks to a decent script with a couple of great twists.
0.75 The movie consistently keeps us guessing, right up to its twisty, satisfying finish.
0.8 A clever teen thriller with intricate plotting, deft characterizations, sharp ensemble performances and a darkly ironic twist at the end.
0.4 In this adolescent horror flick, the first-time screenwriters Jeff Wadlow and Beau Bauman prove more adept at staging mind games than creating chills for the audience.
0.5 Wadlow and cowriter Beau Bauman start with a clever conceit, but Wadlow's gimmicky direction runs it right into the ground.
0.35 The best that you can probably say about it is that it isn't as bad as you expected.
0.75 A stylish, frequently charming throwback to a time when horror films were essentially psychological thrillers with a higher body count.
0.5 The bulk of the low budget must have gone to funding the sheep's clothing.
0.4 Une version un peu plus intelligente du slasher movie habituel, ce qui n'en fait pas plus un film intressant.
0.375 The inevitable detour into tedious and-then-there-were-none territory is all the more dispiriting in light of some of the intriguingly undeveloped ideas.
0.0 The current state of the American horror genre is, sadly, in a current state of horror.
0.5 Around here Daybreakers' clever streak runs out and the previously witty, refreshing film becomes a predictable action romp that's big on over-the-top gore but lacking in everything else.
0.6 That Daybreakers biggest problem is that there isn't enough of it should tell you enough: watching it provides short-term entertainment, but like those voracious bloodsuckers, it'll just leave you wanting more.
0.7 It's pretty clear that directors The Spierig Brothers are ready to make their mark as a couple of high-end horror genre auteurs.
0.8 While America continues to produce interminable undead dross ... Australia can now proudly announce itself as being home to two of the best genre auteurs working today.
0.7 The power of the Spierig Brothers is mighty and it'll be impossible to sit down without becoming absorbed in their futuristic world of vampire cliches and novelties.
0.7 A hybrid of future dystopian sci-fi and classic vampire conventions, Daybreakers is a horror movie which boasts as many ideas as it does bloodshed.
0.25 Squandered potential at its most obvious.
0.625 Once the world is set up, the follow-through comes up short.
0.72 Somewhat enlivened by perfunctory professional performances by Ethan Hawke (as a guilt-ridden vampire looking for a cure for blood dependency) and Willem Dafoe (as Elvis, a crossbow-toting member of the human remnant).
0.7 Malo je %u017Eanrovskih ostvarenja koja su kao Daybreakers %u0161a%u0161avo zabavna, a istovremeno znaju stimulirati i neka ozbiljna razmi%u0161ljanja
0.7 There is a lot of non-sparkly going on, if you know what I mean.
0.6 Daybreakers could have been a pulpy delight instead of just another, albeit entertaining, action movie.
0.6 Takes an idea that also happens to be a MESSAGE, in a genre that has been sucked dry, and still make something watchable. It's not the most brilliant vampire movie ever made, but it's the best one of 2010.
0.75 Set in a near future where the entire planet has been taken over by vampires, the film is actually quite pertinent in these post-credit crisis times.
0.8 Daybreakers is a perfect panacea to audiences averse to the tweeny romanticisation of the undead by Twilight and its ilk.
0.6 Daybreakers is highly inventive, containing plenty of interesting and original ideas about vampire technology, vampire physiology and the sociological implications of a vampire world.
0.6 The special effects look cheap; and while the premise, with its "we're drinking the blood of the earth!" subtext is interesting, the characters just aren't.
0.6 More Australian filmmakers should be inspired to take on Hollywood after seeing the Spierigs' vampire venture, even if it falls short of greatness.
0.8 Yes, Daybreakers is another vampire film, but don't hold it against it. This is stuff Twilight fans have nightmares about...
0.4 A dreary-looking and sluggish narrative that doesn't go anywhere special.
0.75 With Willem Dafoe is a crossbow-wielding ex-vampire named Elvis. (Coincidentally, the film opened on what would have been Presley's 75th birthday.)
0.6 A fun if forgettable romp, with some great ideas and a few gruesome shock shots. Which is enough. Just.
0.5 So over the top you can't help but like at least some of it, 'Daybreakers' is pulsing with gore, mayhem and dark humor
0.75 Now this is a vampire movie.
0.75 Daybreakers injects just enough fresh blood into the vampire genre to make it worth your while.
0.8 A pretty ambitious movie that's occasionally capable of fulfilling those ambitions. When it doesn't, the attempt is still noteworthy and the results are at least entertaining.
0.5 An okay film about vampires and the search for blood that isn't romanticized - a la 'Twilight' -but is full of gore.
0.6 les deux frangins font preuve d'une rigueur creatrice que nous n'aurions jamais pu soupconner apres un exercice aussi bacle qu'Undead
0.5 Makes little sense, but earns points for the operatic, slow-motion vampire equivalent of the Barf-a-Rama scene from Stand By Me.
0.625 Give it an A for effort, C for execution. As cool/creepy as it seems, Daybreakers just doesn't quite measure up to its potential.
0.8 The Spierig Brothers have created an unsettlingly believable world, part Blade Runner, part Gattaca, part Blade.
0.625 After taking such pains to establish a dying world, it's a shame the Spierig brothers are so intent to kill it off.
0.7 Just when you thought it was safe to be a vampire , corrupt corporate politicians spoil the fun.
0.75 Yeah, its another vampire film, but this one deals with the global end game instead of emo teen angst.
0.5 Surrounded by cannibalistic gore, Ethan Hawke and Willem Dafoe line up to drink some valuable box-office blood...call it 'From Here to Vampurity'.
0.8 A thinking person's vampire flick with deliciously gory action, an underlying social message, lean direction, and best of all, no obnoxious product placement or pop music.
0.75 Starring Ethan Hawke and Willem Dafoe, the movie, which was shot more than two years ago, is clever and gory enough to keep horror-seekers happy
0.625 A slick, bloody, fast-paced, and ultimately enjoyable B-movie.
0.625 For the lowbrow, the thrill is a level of fleshy explosiveness reminiscent of David Cronenberg's Scanners. No one dies quietly; he must either detonate like Hiroshima or burst into juicy red chunks of viscera.
0.75 A suspenseful, visually stylish and gory sci-fi thriller that's simultaneously entertaining and provocative.
0.7 Unlike the current cinematic vampire milieu created for lovestruck teenagers, Daybreakers is fierce and scary and downright thrilling to look at.
0.75 Daybreakers is more fun than foreboding; it's fright-lite, yet that's par for the bloody course in these busy apocalyptic days.
0.625 The action sequences are well-executed ... and the concept is just interesting enough to carry the flimsy plot through its 98 minute running time.
0.6 The narrative may flag, but the doomsday atmosphere and George Liddlea(TM)s production design remain vivid until the final, blood-splattered reel.
0.4 Robs the vampire of its supernatural bite ... All the blue filters and retro hairstyles in the world couldn't save what, for me, was a pretty lifeless bloodsucker flick.
0.75 That subtlety makes the Spierig brothers satisfying directors of horror and Daybreakers a small golden nugget in the rocky wasteland of January's movie releases.
0.8 Things would be real different if vampires ruled the world. Coffee would come spiked with hemoglobin, not half-and-half. Tooth-whitener ads would feature fangs. And the most compelling public-service announcement would be an hourly sunrise advisory.
0.7 One of the best and most inventive vampire movies I have seen in a long time. Willem Dafoe rocks this ultra-violent film with great one-liners.
0.6 This stylish film at least has a sense of its own absurdity. While it plays everything dead straight, it also has a lot of fun with the rules of the genre.
0.6 An ambitious premise about a future world ruled by corporate vampires is explored with some intelligence, sly humour and blood-splattering brio by the Spierig brothers.
0.4 The foolhardy Spierigs spend so much time setting up Daybreakers for a sequel, or possibly a franchise, that they leave the movie itself mostly in disarray.
0.375 The movie falls apart as if someone in the production screamed out, "Stop! We forgot to blow stuff up! Get the blood!"
0.6 The Spierigs make some nice metaphysical points and commission some spiffy design, but resort to less-than-blood-heat thriller moves in the final third. Still very watchable, though.
0.7 Even though I'm pretty much vampired out these days, I appreciated the grossout thrills and the B-movie dialogue.
0.4 It's a shame Australia's Spierig Brothers opt to turn it into just any old noir-future chase movie - roughly Blade meets Minority Report, without the production flair.
0.7 A gripping feature that is just as likely to provoke thought as it is fear.
0.5 Daybreakers isn't exactly good or bad, and that is the problem. The film could have broken the rules and expounded upon its initial ingenuity. It could have been about something. It's not.
0.6 Daybreakers is an entertaining genre hybrid with functioning brain cells and, in its exciting finale, an original solution to solving its vampire epidemic.
0.8 A polished, intelligent, well-acted and darkly humourous vampire tale. Fangtastic.
0.4 Iffy plotting, squiffy dialogue and directorial indecision - is this po-faced science fiction or hokey horror? - leave the film, like its protagonist, torn between two extremes.
0.6 With beautiful Blade Runner-style cityscapes, smartly conceived takes on the vampire mythos (sun-proofed cars and video mirrors), inventively engineered shocks and copious blood loss, this is an engagingly skilful blend.
0.6 Daybreakers takes the undead in an entirely different direction, melding smart sci-fi with a timely political subtext.
0.375 In the end, Daybreakers doesn't really want to make anyone think too hard. If that were to happen, they might stop to wonder why all the human survivors out there hiding in fear of their lives don't just become garlic farmers and call it a day.
0.875 Daybreakers has substance and smarts, plus lots of visual treats for the fanboys -- a mix to keep everybody happy.
0.5 Despite the Spierig brothers' punchy visual style and satiric tone, Daybreakers eventually devolves, though Dafoe and his Southern drawl goose things up and Hawke has a greasy romanticism.
0.6 Hawke and Dafoe are both excellent and there's strong support from a suitably sinister Sam Neill.
0.625 It is a happy alternative to the tepid appeal of pre-teen vamps and werewolves. But why make a vampire movie lacking the allure of the enticing fiends?
0.6 Daybreakers is one of the most purely pleasurable genre films of recent months.
0.625 Highbrows will condescend to this movie like nobody's business. But there are a few of us left out there -- junkies for smart exploitation -- who will relish this stuff. You know who you are.
0.6 Though it borrows many of its ideas from older movies, the combination makes them seem fresh.
0.5 The average human body holds approximately 1.5 gallons of blood. Unless you're someone in the film Daybreakers. Then you're carrying closer to 47 gallons, 46 of which will end up splattered on a wall.
0.5 It can't be a good sign for a vampire movie when its most memorable trait is how desperate Chrysler's product placement appears.
0.75 It's undeniable fun to behold the likes of serious thespians Hawke and Dafoe slumming around in this cheeseball stuff.
0.5 the sleekness-as-decay mode is unoriginal but it works for most of the Spierigs' film
0.75 Just when you think popular culture has exhausted all the metaphorical and allegorical possibilities, the film unifies all the usual tropes (bloodlust, heliophobia, fangs) into a complete science fiction whole.
0.4 It sounds so very good and yet, in the hands of the Spierig Brothers, it has all the life of a vampire's (non)heartbeat
0.75 Peter and Michael Spierig's earlier, campier horror outing, the zombie picture known as Undead, was even bloodier than this one. The movie-makers are after bigger game here, and a subtler mixture of speculative nightmare and action film.
0.6 A B-movie with pretensions to something more and the effort is worth a look for horror fans.
0.6 It's a little bit silly -- as is Dafoe's Kentucky-fried cowboy mechanic named Elvis -- but silly is fun. In fact, one wishes it were sillier still.
0.4 This dystopian horror-thriller aspires to be a vampiric 'Children of Men', but it bears more similarity to a late-night Skinemax flick.
0.625 Although it falls apart as a thriller, Michael and Peter Spierig's black-comic splatterfest sets up an ingenious metaphor for the current economic nightmare.
0.625 This intriguing premise, alas, ends as so many movies do these days, with fierce fights and bloodshed. Inevitably, the future of the planet will be settled among the handful of characters we've met, and a lot of extras with machineguns.
0.75 I'm as surprised as anyone, but this clever vampire movie from the Spierig Brothers proves the genre still has some bite left in it.
0.7 Daybreakers isn't a great film, but it's a good one, and in a market oddly lousy with vampire tales, it's an original.
0.375 Daybreakers reminds us that from Twilight to Underworld, True Blood to The Vampire Diaries, this is one genre where supply has utterly overwhelmed demand.
0.6 There's a fascinating idea at the heart of Daybreakers, where a vampire plague has swept the world and everyone's now a bloodsucker, but it doesn't quite make for a fascinating film.
0.5 The Spierigs' latest doesn't do much to carve out a unique identity.
0.6 A clever twist on the vampire legend, delivers what genre fans crave and more.
0.85 Ambitious, smart and unique, the film creates an entire world that is guaranteed to intrigue you and leave you wanting more.
0.8 Daybreakers offers a flawed but thoroughly enjoyable, happy-making trip.
0.8 A rock-solid afternoon matinee sort of movie, packed as it is with so many disparate genre influences. Confidently crafted and legitimately clever.
0.8 "Horror fans should be looking forward to this one."
0.7 While it's far from perfect, Daybreakers is an incredibly fun movie. Loaded with talents actors, beautiful camerawork (a stunning slow-mo shot in the finale proves this) and buckets of blood, I can't recommend this enough.
0.75 ...an exciting (albeit slightly uneven) addition to the vampire-movie canon.
0.6 Superior Hammer non-horror thriller.
0.6 Apesar da obviedade da primeira parte da trama, a segunda metade traz boas reviravoltas e consegue surpreender o espectador (mesmo que o roteiro seja claramente inspirado em As Diabolicas).
0.2 The climactic house-versus-humans scenes were so ludicrous that I half expected Kattan to revert to his Mr. Peepers persona from SNL and start battling the evil inkblot with spat-out chunks of apple.
0.7 House on Haunted Hill isn't a great movie. It is, however, a good deal of gory fun.
0.5 Drained of any wild, spontaneous spark.
0.8 It's a cheesy throwaway horror flick, but it's a tight cheesy throwaway horror flick.
1.0 [It's] one of the great underrated horror flicks of the last decade. Yes, really.
0.0 Quarts of shiny blood are splashed around and numerous moans and groans pepper the soundtrack, but astonishingly, the movie never manages to provoke so much as a shudder.
0.6 ...An excellent show of digi-graphics. But it is seldom scary.
0.5 There's a great deal of general creepiness, but the enterprise is undercut by a weak script, weak characters, and a too simple plot.
0.4 All the visual bravura doesn't fill in the gaping plot holes or generate any real frights.
0.25 Consistently inert -- even though the fee for successful housesitting has been raised to a million bucks a night.
0.75 It won't exercise your grey matter, but it may well give your inner child pause for thought
0.6 This is almost a green light. If you considered yourself a connoisseur of horror films, you'll be disappointed. If you are easily scared then you will love it.
0.6 The scariest images are lifted directly from Jacob's Ladder and Ghost Story.
0.5 ...too many special effects; not enough suspense or frights.
0.375 Fails to deliver even one good 'boo!' moment.
0.25 House On Haunted Hill is not only never scary, it's never even interesting.
0.1 House on Haunted Hill is a sorry reincarnation of the 1950s William Castle horror film.
0.58 Decent special effects and a few scary moments simply don't justify bothering with this resurrected movie concept that deserved to be left sealed in its crypt.
0.3 Malone tosses wandering lunatics, mad doctors, and hell's spawn into the mix right off the bat, which then makes it all that much more difficult to maintain an air of unease throughout.
0.25 Slow-moving, yawn-inducing.
0.5 House on Haunted Hill is the kind of horror movie that's not a bit scary and quite a bit gross.
0.4 The original had two things this one doesn't: a bit of class and some genuine suspense.
0.5 It's all utterly predictable, yet, The House on Haunted Hill manages to whip up enough suspense, liberally seasoned with doses of wry humor, to keep things moving.
0.5 Moments of effective horror pop up on a semi-regular basis, but they are not enough to offset the increasingly tedious feel.
0.125 Geoffrey Rush shamelessly overacts with a vengeance in this chillingly awful movie, which leaves us with one nagging question. Can Oscars be recalled?
0.375 Watching House on Haunted Hill is like going to a restaurant where the food looks delectable, but tastes awful.
0.4 Probably the worst of the Critters series (and that's saying something).
0.6 Just as good as its predecessor ... which was actually a pretty good time!
0.6 Almost as good as the first film, it's alone worth seeing for the return of Terrence Mann as the funniest intergalactic bounty hunter in the history of cinema.
0.6 Although several segments will appeal to horror aficionados, it often feels like a political statement couched in a format that will appeal to the blood and popcorn crowd.
0.75 This is just about the one-billionth movie to lampoon the horror genre, but so what? It's hilarious.
0.56 Given the talent involved, it's a project that sounds promising (if maybe more than slightly derivative), but it winds up an unfortunate misfire.
0.25 The jaw drops at the drought of laughs in the horror spoof "Hell Baby," especially considering the massive amount of comic talent in front of and behind the cameras.
0.5 I can't say I didn't laugh during Hell Baby. I just didn't laugh as much as I would have liked to, or as much as I expected to.
0.4 Certainly isn't the worst horror comedy of all time (see Transylmania)... But most of it is still pretty bad.
0.5 It soon becomes apparent that the filmmakers, many of whom worked together on "The State" and "Reno 911!", aren't committed to their film's main conceit.
0.4 [It] rarely dares to be smart, settling instead for familiar gags that would have the Devil himself yawning.
0.375 A film that's less than half as funny as its predecessor, and a sliver as clever as the original.
0.125 This offensive, crass pastiche makes "Grown Ups 2" look like a paragon of wit and good taste.
0.25 Garant and Lennon's attempts at humor are absolutely terrible. It's as though they have no idea what comedy is or how it works. This results in a series of gags that they must think are hilarious, but are actually extremely sad and cringe-worthy.
0.6 In the end, the level of delirium is addictive. Getting there, however, is a challenge which may or may not be worth your time.
0.2 There are genre satires, and then there are dumb comedies that wish they could qualify for that status.
0.6 Its modest (if occasionally gross-out) stabs at genre parody rarely insult our intelligence and even allow for the kind of retro deadpan silliness Mel Brooks used to underline his louder punch lines.
0.4 Robert Ben Garant and Thomas Lennon's Hell Baby is a hit-or-miss affair with far more misses than hits.
0.2 When you consider that Garant and Lennon make their living as screenwriters for hire, Hell Baby's shoddy script is an unholy mystery.
0.625 The filmmakers satirize the often obscenely meaningless ways in which people of a certain socioeconomic strata attempt to launder their white guilt.
0.7 Hell Baby is a devilish laugh-riot, providing hellishly indulgent comedy married with lighthearted slapstick comedy - as long as you're into Thomas Lennon and Robert Ben Garant's typical "immature" style.
0.7 It's genuinely funny, a condition all too rare in horror-comedies, comedies, and movies written by Lennon and Garant.
0.125 Marlon Wayans' A Haunted House no longer can own the title of the worst horror spoof of 2013.
0.4 For every joke that works- about ten fall flat.
0.75 It doesn't reinvent the wheel after their anarchic sketch comedy show "The State," but funny is funny, and Hell Baby is very, very funny.
0.875 In a world in which eight nearly identical Friday the 13th movies offer the adventures of Jason the ax-murderer as entertainment for teen-agers, maybe we do need this sobering alternative.
0.75 A powerful, original look at the hopeless urban underclass in the American city, where lost people nibble at the garbage of our culture -- in a kind of perverse application of the "trickle-down" theory -- hating themselves and us all the while.
1.0 McNaughton's rough, non-judgemental direction gives the film a stylishly chilling documentary feel, while the killer's use of a camcorder asks some challengingly uncomfortable questions about voyeurism and the nature of screen violence.
0.6 The film is an honest and disturbing attempt to come to grips with the sort of modern horror that we must -- more urgently every day -- try to understand.
0.75 This movie is not really about a killer, but about killing -- the way killing is depicted in the movies and the way movie audiences have been conditioned to react to such violence.
1.0 The difference between John McNaughton's incredibly chilling film and the usual serving of screen carnage is the difference between the mind of a murderer and the cynical and manipulative depiction of mindless murder.
0.75 McNaughton's direction combines a strict social realism with a cool, Fritz Langian sense of pre-determination, while his work with actors has the improvisational freshness of a John Cassavetes.
0.9 The film is diabolically driven by Michael Rooker, who embodies the fractured, disconnected personality of Henry.
0.8 The flipside of the '80s teen slasher genre, John McNaughton's movie manages to go beyond the disquieting, distressing or even disturbing. It's downright dismaying.
0.8 From a technical standpoint, Henry is amateurish. But ultimately it's not the gilded frame that made it a modern horror classic, but its unblinking portrait of a remorseless killer who stares back at the audience and forces them to turn away.
0.8 This is sicko territory with a vengeance but certainly has an impact.
0.5 Certainly not for everyone, but if slasher movies are your cup of tea this is a lot better than most, and the use of Chicago locations is especially effective.
0.8 Genuinely frightening.
0.6 A genuinely upsetting film that's guaranteed to make you more paranoid.
0.6 Longe de tracar o "retrato de um assassino", o filme apela para o choque barato, mas evita o fracasso absoluto em funcao da forca das performances de Rooker, Towles e Arnold.
0.875 As an emotional map, Henry is decidedly raw, personal, and unrelenting.
0.6 Chilling.
1.0 Henry: Portrait of a Serial Killer surely ranks as one of the most frightening and disturbing films ever made.
0.6 There are still some shocks.
1.0 John McNaughton's haunting film is a grim journey into the life of its twisted subject that refuses to moralise or judge.
1.0 Henry Lee Lucas was mostly a liar in real life, but that doesn't stop the movie from being one truly disturbing journey/
0.8 Henry is a glimpse into the void that will chill, terrify and haunt you with the infinite evil in the hearts of ordinary people.
0.625 Part of the time it's art house cinema, the rest of the time its horror schlock.
1.0 Unflinching, rough, and ugly. Also a damn good movie.
0.625 I have some admiration for this film. But I also have no desire ever to see it again.
0.875 A low-budget tour de force that provides an unforgettable portrait of the pathology of a man for whom killing is not a crime but simply a way of passing time and relieving boredom.
0.875 MacNaughton's direction is extremely bland, although I don't mean that negatively: he portrays Henry in a very realistic manner, not adding any wild directing techniques to what he does, and because of this digs deeper into the character.
0.8 Powerful, raw, terrifying, and shocking filmmaking.
0.6 Love this campy retro-stuff!
0.8 Top-notch vampire story and newspaper comedy that spawned a top-notch sequel and series.
0.8 One of the scarier made-for-TV movies.
0.375 Children of the corn in the Hood
0.45 The Collapsed manages to corral its literary pretensions well enough that it manages to avoid embarrassing itself.
0.3 All the movie needs is more cowbell.
0.5 What The Collapsed lacks is the jolts that horror fans may prefer in their post-apocalyptic fare.
0.75 Packed with hot women, a ninja-like character and zombies, it's the kind of movie a 15-year-old would make with a limitless budget and little concern for ratings. Good thing he knows how to make an incredibly fun movie.
0.8 Planet Terror makes bad movies look good, and that's absolutely a compliment.
0.6 Too ugly conceptually to be any fun.
0.8 Geysers of blood, insinuating camera angles and an extremely playful editing style add to the mayhem, keeping us gasping in horror and laughing at the gleeful excesses on screen.
1.0 Exciting, sexy, gory - in a good way - and frequently laugh-out-loud funny, Rodriguez's zombie exploitation flick is the most fun you'll have in the cinema all year.
0.4 Won't make any friends outside of B-movie aficionados, and even they might tire of laughing at all the cheapo gore being thrown around.
0.6 McGowan is a suitably slinky presence as the lead avenger with a machine gun for a leg; blood and pus regularly fill the screen as Rodriguez lets rip with gleeful abandon.
0.6 Only watch if you have an offbeat sense of humour.
0.2 A loving testament to exploitation horror cinema and a moronic sop to a certain generation of male film fans' obsession with breasts, guns and gore.
0.6 Following Tarantino's Death Proof, Rodriguez throws his hat into the Grindhouse ring and comes out the clear winner. Impossible not to be charmed by its gross-out effects, bad dialogue and amputee action.
0.6 Gloopy and outrageous, this schlock horror tribute is pure trash... in the best possible sense.
0.6 A bona fide trash pastiche. So good it's bad, then? Almost, but the panache and playfulness machine-gun most of the shortcomings. DVD suppliers! Can we have the two films plus trailers in one now, please?
0.333333333333 Aficionados will appreciate the po-faced wordplay and self-consciously gnarled-up aesthetic (missing reels, bad syncing, etc) as much as the fleshy centrepieces and gross-out grace notes. Others will struggle to find much appeal.
0.6 While this is the Grindhouse film that suffers most from being presented solo, it's still the most fun. Watch with beer in hand and tongue in cheek for optimal effect.
0.2 If somebody chewed your head off, would you at least forget this mess?
0.8 Its spirit is one of pure entertainment, and its commentary on old grindhouse movies is lovingly satirical.
1.0 A gruesome homage to every awful zombie flick ever made and a guaranteed treat for fans of that trashy genre from a bygone era.
0.8 Fast-paced, freakishly gory, and boasting a few unexpected surprises, Planet Terror is one of the best horror movies I've seen in years.
0.2 If you removed all the dialogue that "explains" what happened in the first Blood Cult, you'd have a movie shorter than Steamboat Willie.
0.4 Tedious haunted house movie.
0.6 Troma goes Blair Witch, and this movie gets VULGAR!
0.5 weighted down with the trappings of microbudget filmmaking
0.7 A melancholy tale of loss that's only peripherally a horror flick, but a good one all the same.
0.7 Really darn great by slasher standards, and even kind of pretty good by the standards of decent, functional, God-fearing modes of cinema.
0.6 Just a little more skillfully done than many of its contemporaries, and whatever esteem I have for it is largely nostalgic, but at least it tries to be different.
0.6 Sends you a chill down the spine that won't subside until those final few minutes...see it before the upcoming remake
0.4 Just another slasher picture.
0.4 Nicholson gave the best analysis of the film in a later-career interview: "It was incredibly bad."
0.4 Moody, not-quite-coherent suspense
0.4 Tepid, shoddy stuff despite its pedigree.
0.75 Considering how low the budget obviously was, Bava does a great job crafting a classic giallo mystery. The film may even have inspired Wes Craven's "Scream 3," which was also a horror movie about the making of a horror movie.
0.75 This delirious experience covers most bases and makes at least a cursory stab at the few it misses.
0.8 Werewolf thriller set during French revolution.
1.0 A 17th century French costume drama where everybody is Kung-fu fighting - with some highly watchable results!
0.8 Guaranteed to make you howl at the moon on your way out.
1.0 A stylish, smart, edgy, exciting and involving trek though familiar folklore, often better than the masses have been told and even more appealing after repeat viewings.
0.8 The film has a wonderful style and a sense of movement that barely slows down for its two and a half hours.
0.75 'Magnifica oportunidad para poder apreciar otro tipo de cine de accion que no provenga de Hollywood, donde la calidad esta peleada con la taquilla y la maquinaria generadora de dolares.'
0.75 A delightfully eclectic piece of filmmaking.
0.25 If The Brotherhood of the Wolf has a reason for being, it may be only to prove that the French can make movies as silly, blood-soaked and overblown as the Americans.
0.5 It's the best darned French werewolf kung-fu movie I've ever seen. That's not saying much.
1.0 Blends too many genres to be easily described, but whatever it is, it's awesome!
0.75 The damnedest thing I've seen since the Siegfried and Roy 3-D Imax movie.
0.625 A big, sprawling adventure yarn that's a lot more like a Hollywood film than a European film ...
0.7 In short, it's a big mess. I mean that in the best possible way.
0.75 thoroughly engrossing, a high-rent guilty pleasure whose subtitles do little to obscure its basic investment in the thrills of sex and violence
0.7 Plenty of swash-buckling, ass-kicking, beast-taming and bone-crunching for everyone!
0.7 It's such a thrilling piece of nonsense, it's little wonder it's already one of the most successful French films ever.
0.75 Exhilirating viewing, at least while the feet are flying and the fangs are baring.
0.7 One of the most wildly and audaciously unpredictable movies in ages.
0.7 This is visceral cinema with a devilish wit and a glossy sheen.
0.75 Utterly preposterous but so full of enthusiasm and flashy style that it's entertaining anyway.
0.4 Suffers from its shotgun approach and a severe identity crisis.
0.8 Proof positive that Hollywood doesn't own exclusive rights to the "Enjoyable B-Movie".
0.4 This new take on horror is more of the bloody same.
0.6 A deeply ambitious picture, one of the most expensive and original to come out of France in many years.
0.7 Imagine John Woo directing a lush French period horror film with fight choreography from The Matrix's Woo-Ping Yuen, and you'll have a pretty good idea what to expect from Wolf.
0.625 Brotherhood is set in 18th century France, and it kicks more butt than The Patriot
0.75 Daring in its approach and successful in its result -- assuming the result is to provide pure entertainment to the viewer.
0.5 If director Christophe Gans and writer Stephane Cabel had been content to simply make an 18th Century-set chopsocky creature feature, then all would have been fine.
0.75 Check your brains at the popcorn stand, ignore most of the florid, subtitled dialogue -- and sit back and enjoy this genre-bending wild ride.
0.1 A mad agglomeration of styles and traditions that ultimately results in nothing so much as a mad agglomeration of styles and traditions.
0.3 Gans appears to have no threshold of pain when it comes to his eardrums.
0.25 Gans splices genres without shame and makes a grand effort at proving that the French can make big, boneheaded, mass-market action flicks, too.
0.875 Gourmet Brie on a baguette -- empty calories, and certainly a guilty pleasure, but what a delicious diversion.
0.75 I would be lying if I did not admit that this is all, in its absurd and overheated way, entertaining.
0.8 A cross-cultural hoot that no one should take too seriously.
0.8 The picture has a daring attention-span deficit and an epic silliness that can be awesomely entertaining.
0.3 Brutal. Ugly. Predictable. Boring. Stereotypical. Comical. Violent. Lethargic.
0.625 Despite its laughable elements, the film's eerie ambience continually bolsters its integrity...
0.375 Its beast, which looks like a papier-mache dinosaur, jumps around like a cheap monster from a bad 1950's sci-fi flick.
0.75 Gans's Gallic super-production is so outrageously trashy it's impossible not to like.
0.875 Imagine what it'd be like if John Woo were a French guy obsessed with Lautrecian brothels.
0.4 The result will leave serious cinephiles cold and bore those in search of lurid cheap thrills.
0.75 The combatants in pre-revolutionary France could have taught Bruce Lee and Jackie Chan a lesson.
0.7 De cualquier modo, y pese a su duracion, la pelicula es pasajera, suficientemente buena, y tiene elementos que pueden disfrutarse...
0.7 It would be quite impossible to claim is that the filmmaker's love of his subject isn't apparent throughout every lovingly-crafted frame.
0.75 The screenplay has flashes of real wit, and Perlman is perfect in the title role.
0.6 Somewhat entertaining, but too scary for many.
0.8 Hellboy both kicks butt and falls in love, in an adventure that is thrilling, funny and touching.
0.75 A strong anti-superhero movie that turns the genre sideways.
0.75 Ron Perlman--the Lon Chaney of our time--plays Hellboy with grit, humor, and a depth of feeling which, barely, grounds the movie.
0.6 They say the devil gets all the best tunes and, on the strength of this latest comicbook adaptation, he gets all the good one-liners, too.
0.8 Perlman, at age 53, strides in like a hungry young actor itching to prove something, only with 22 years of experience lending him charisma and confidence.
0.75 As expertly played by Perlman, even with tons of make-up and prostheteics, our hero is a good 'monster' whose origin haunts him to the bone.
0.75 Stylish sci-fi director Guillermo Del Toro brings Mike Mignola's stone-fisted, horny (literally!) cult comic book hero to life in this wry, glossy adventure.
0.8 An experience you can't miss.
0.5 ... a dull, derivative, poorly plotted movie. Hellboy's enemies are interesting at first, but they wear out their welcome quickly.
0.5 The trouble with computer graphics in films these days is that a computer doesn't have half the imagination of a human.
0.79 A briefly entertaining but forgettable adventure.
0.6 It hasn't got the breakout potential of less eccentric comic book heroes, but fans will thank the dark squid gods for del Toro's admirable loyalty to the source material.
0.8 Extremely enjoyable comic-book romp -- impressively directed with a witty, imaginative script and a terrific central performance from Perlman.
0.7 This good-looking superhero adventure tackles all of life's big questions -- what is the nature of evil, are genes more influential than the environment, and who would win in a fight between a shaven-horned demon and a giant hellborn squid.
0.8 It works big time.
0.6 A richly imaginative comicbook world is unveiled in Hellboy. If only the story was as strong.
0.75 'Es un buen trabajo para Del Toro pero todavia muy alejado de lo que nos tiene acostumbrados. Recomendada especialmente para fans del comic.'
0.4 Parts of Hellboy are enjoyable enough, I guess, but there's way, way too much to potentially enjoy.
0.8 Buena fotografia, excelente maquillaje, llamativos efectos y un guion inteligente para saber que no es un producto serio, sino una historieta llevada a la pantalla.
0.6 Hellboy is sort of a Denis Leary Catholic: Snarls a lot, tromps around in a grungy coat, and chomps on tobacco products continuously.
0.6 Prende a atencao do espectador gracas aos seus interessantes personagens e ao rico universo no qual estes vivem.
0.5 While Comic Book Movies may be the new fad, I'm hoping that the trend will quickly end its tenure of terrorizing the cinematic landscape.
0.6 The grim humor is ironically enjoyable and makes this film worth seeing. But neither del Toro nor Mignola knows who Hellboy should be.
0.6 Dynamic in disposition, but ineffectually conveyed.
0.8 Depths of character draw us in and make the film much more than an exercise in eye-poppingly inventive design, make-up, effects and action.
0.75 Hellboy will strike a chaotic chord with audiences that appreciate their dark and stylish comic book narratives as mysteriously inviting and highly spirited
0.6 Perlman plays the adult Hellboy to perfection: part blustery, stogie-chomping tough guy in a mean leather duster, and part angsty teenager, sick and tired of being confined to the BPRD lest his appearance incite a riot among the general populace.
0.6 I think it's worth checking out on the big screen if you're even slightly interested. I think seeing it with an audience may help.
0.75 Overall, Hellboy is a hot time in the old town, a great comic book movie writ large.
0.6 Although Perlman's presence provides the heart and soul of Hellboy, the film's fire dies down the moment he disappears from sight
0.75 ...reminiscent of both The League of Extraordinary Gentleman, but with a better story, and Men in Black, but less adorable.
0.625 Sly humor, restrained violence/language, and a terrific -- and very crimson -- Ron Perlman position Hellboy as a cut above your average Mutants vs. Nazis flick.
0.75 If you're planning to take a comic book to the big screen, Guillermo del Toro is the man you want behind the camera.
0.875 Perlman invests him with such genuine emotions -- both good and bad -- that we never for a second doubt his plausibility as a character or why he makes the choices he does.
0.6 It works basically because of Ron Perlman.
0.75 Master director Guillermo Del Toro artistically glues the fanciful bits to his celluloid canvas creating a visual feast for the imagination! Read on->
0.75 Finally, we have an excellent fresh treatment for a comic book hero.
0.5 A great concept burdened by an unwieldy back story...
0.7 It doesn't leave the "Is that it?" aftertaste that cursed Daredevil, but it definitely feels like something we've seen before ... many, many times before.
0.7 It would have been so easy to play Hellboy as caricature, but [Ron] Perlman provides the character heart, soul, and the richness of life.
0.5 This movie isn't original enough, exciting enough, or humorous enough to sustain interest, let alone spawn the expected sequel or two.
0.75 ...wickedly funny and action packed...
0.625 OK, the CGI stuff is getting better. But it still looks like CGI stuff.
0.9 As good a comic book flick as I've seen in years.
0.7 ...un heureux melange de bande dessinee inventive et de monstres 'lovecraftiens'...
0.7 Combining CG with matte paintings, models and animatronics, writer/director Guillermo del Toro fosters the fun and ingenuity that fuel this often-confusing horror fantasy.
0.875 Succeeds as a supernatural special-effects free-for-all, a no-holds-barred monster throwdown and even a love story.
0.5 Writer/director Guillermo del Toro puts too much effort on image and not enough on background.
0.75 Thanks to the singular vision of director Guillermo del Toro and Mike Mignola's gloriously dark source material, Hellboy is a wicked trip into the fantastic.
0.9 [Hellboy's] actions are believable, his issues are sympathetic, and his humor is genuinely funny.
0.75 The world created in Hellboy seems to reveal something clever at every turn...I hope that there's a sequel.
0.625 With all pro's and con's tallied, Hellboy stands as a durable popcorn entertainment with definite potential to become a franchise.
0.8 I've seen bad superhero movies before. This is not a bad superhero movie. Enjoy.
0.75 A wonderfully pulpy thrill ride full of awesome computer-generated and make-up effects.
0.8 The film hits its stride in all the moments where del Toro forgets about his silly hocus-pocus Apocalypse and lets his heroes interact and grow.
0.75 Somehow del Toro gives the movie unexpected rhythm and spirit; don't be surprised if you get caught up in this weirdly affecting tale...
0.7 This superhero character would seem to confirm the oft held view that we are molded by our environment.
0.5 [Hellboy] is gloomily gorgeous, but its tone careens recklessly between light comedy and dark portentousness and the character relationships suffer.
0.8 Easily the most adept comic book adaptation since Ghost World.
0.75 [del Toro] doesn't quite knock it out of the park like X2 or Spider-Man, but that's not because of a weak swing.
0.75 If you don't normally go to films where the lead characters look like giant Pez dispensers, the slogging fights of Hellboy may seem like purgatory. But there's enough going on in between the big action sequences to save the movie from mediocrity.
0.5 It's a movie for people (the guy kind) who can't stop turning the pages of comic books, who want life to be serialized.
0.5 Hellboy is at its best in the first half. That's when we get to watch him in action. But director Guillermo del Toro ultimately allows the film to run out of steam.
0.625 Fast, funny, and flippant.
0.4 While the character of Hellboy is entertaining, the film in which he appears is largely an exploitative jumble.
0.75 I don't know if Hellboy has had a Beauty and the Beast relationship in his comic-book life, but if he did, the filmmakers did right by him in casting Ron Perlman.
0.75 Silly stuff, to be sure, but Perlman is so spectacular that he holds it together.
0.6 A film for comic book fanatics, children and fantasy fans, but it's hardly a heavenly experience for those who prefer actual literature.
0.7 Wickedly good!
0.75 Despite its shallow feel, Hellboy still succeeds as a piece of relentless pop entertainment.
0.875 If you identified with the freakish misfits of The X-Men, you'll love Hellboy and friends. They are a helluva lot X-ier.
0.625 Surprisingly enjoyable.
0.75 Del Toro's wittiest, most visually diverse feature to date.
0.6 Guillermo del Toro's above-average if not-quite-spectacular adaptation of Hellboy sticks to this expectation-flipping recipe and retains the comic's cheeky, po-mo spirit.
0.75 Far be it from me to endorse yet another franchise, but thanks to del Toro and a smart script, Hellboy is so entertaining that you long to see what further heck this gang can raise.
0.75 The constant winking at the audience does get a little tiresome, but for the most part, the film is a fun and thrilling action piece.
0.875 Del Toro clearly knows exactly what he's doing. With the big budget of Hellboy, he was given the tools to do it well, along with the freedom to do it right.
0.875 Hellboy is one of those rare movies that's not only based on a comic book, but also feels like a comic book. It's vibrating with energy, and you can sense the zeal and joy in its making.
0.625 He's finally figured out what to do with a big budget ... Yet del Toro still hasn't figured out some basic storytelling tenets.
0.75 An action movie with a brain, a heart, the nerve.
0.7 Comic fans should enjoy the movie, but those with only a passing interest won't be as enthralled.
0.6 Essentially, Hellboy is another WWF Smackdown movie.
0.8 Perlman, who has become a modern-day Lon Chaney with the variety of monsters and weird characters he has played, has his best role...
0.75 A damned good time.
0.7 Purists may be disgruntled with parts of the story, but they'll agree that Hellboy captures the essence of the big, lovable lug with attitude to spare.
0.7 Filled with even doses of action, humor and multi-dimensional characters with heart, Hellboy is everything a comic book movie should be.
0.625 Making no apologies for the source material, director Guillermo del Toro lets his picture gorge on power bars of pop energy, sugared with sprinkles of playful humour.
0.5 I enjoyed the first 90 minutes and was ready to give this a recommend, but the last 30 minutes sent the movie straight to hell for me.
0.75 [F]eels like a genre classic for much of its running time, until it tails off sharply in its final third.
0.5 Portions of the movie capture the spirit of the clever source material, yet it eventually becomes another generic action flick bogged down by the weight of its CGI effects.
0.875 Most heroes need a cape. Hellboy needs a hug.
0.875 Hell, yeah.
0.9 This movie is an astoundingly colorful and exceedingly entertaining showcase of Demonic Superheroes vs. Slimy Monsters.
0.75 Ron Perlman is almost frighteningly perfect.
0.6 A comic book you've never heard of is brought to the big screen gleaming with enthusiasm, even if the script could have used more polish.
0.5 Hellboy is as magnificent looking a comic book film as I've ever seen, but an increased sense of boredom detached me about midway through.
0.75 Hellboy has an amazing soul and sense of drama that exceeds what you get from most comic book movies.
0.5 A fiery action picture destined to please fans of other comics-turned-adventure flicks such as X-Men. The rest of us will find ourselves left out in the cold.
0.625 Hellboy is the most engaging comic-book movie character to emerge in years, and his complex personality is perfectly personified by Ron Perlman, with a prosthetic assist.
0.6 Though there's nothing particularly new in the Hellboy narrative, it's easy to be captivated by del Toro's style and the film's overall panache.
0.75 What separates Hellboy from your run-of-the-mill comic book movie is, ironically, that it feels like it's about real people.
0.75 Hellboy is on fire with scares and laughs and del Toro's visionary dazzle.
0.7 Perlman is the best casting in the history of super-hero films.
0.6 Hellboy the character is a great deal more interesting than Hellboy the movie.
0.7 Guillermo del Toro lets loose with a vaudevillian rambunctiousness that makes his adaptation of the Hellboy comic book series daffy, loose and lovable.
0.625 If you're a Hellboy fan, the film is a must-see. For others, don't bother.
0.75 The most successful transformation from pulp page to big screen since Tim Burton's Batman in 1989.
0.75 Faithful to its pulp roots and lacking the cumbersome self-seriousness of many a comic-book adaptation, Hellboy is, well, hellacious good fun.
0.625 Visually attractive, but not much else.
0.75 A fully formed, funny, smart and briskly entertaining horror show.
0.875 A welcome change of pace from the senseless sensibilities of most Hollywood comic-book spectacles.
0.5 The movie feels at odds with itself, embracing the comics' idiosyncratic creations without an idiosyncratic worldview.
0.7 A fun monster movie.
0.625 The promise is in the premise. Next time (and after Hellboy makes millions, there will be a next time), someone just has to make good on it.
0.75 Despite several drawbacks, Hellboy nevertheless succeeds in entertaining.
0.625 (Perlman's) rumbling, ironic lilt and cynical cigar-chomping give charismatic aplomb to this supernatural superhero...
0.75 One part fierce, one part vulnerable: like the director, like his heroes.
0.6 del Toro's focus on the mood and the effects unfortunately causes the characters to suffer
0.85 Ron Perlman as Hellboy might be the best casting ever of a superhero...he's cooler than the movie is.
0.75 I've never laid an eye on Mignola's comic, but I know a good del Toro film when I see it.
0.5 A long, violent, cigar commercial that's for Hellboy comic book fans only.
0.6 If it weren't for the sag in the story's pacing halfway through that threatens to have the whole thing implode in on itself, it would be a perfect flight of fancy.
0.4 We've been here before, and we'll be here again.
0.25 ...[a] dead zone of a movie.
0.2 You'd probably get the same enjoyment out of watching a public safety advert.
0.7 A serviceable entry in the low-budget horror column, and makes the most of its limited resources with stirring imagery and a full-blown performance by its star.
0.2 'Soul' is the one of the many things lacking in this sad excuse for a horror film.
0.3 Yawn.
0.375 When it thinks it is building atmosphere and mystery, it's really just meandering and suffering from dank cinematography.
0.4 Blatantly cannibalising every horror movie it can think of in the attempt to produce some patchwork Frankenstein's monster.
0.0 A toothless, fright-free journey into dullsville.
0.0 An exercise in spinning wheels, a muddle of images, ideas, and characters that don't go anywhere, let alone make any sense.
0.2 [A] jumbled botch.
0.15 A badly acted, unoriginal, irritating movie...Easily one of the worst films of 2001.
0.4 Though overly reliant on quick-cut montages and shots of Cassie running down hallways, writer/director Steve Carpenter delivers some modest thrills alongside the usual teen-horror cliches.
0.2 Soulless, spookless sludge.
0.4 Despite the handsome production values and best efforts of the attractive young cast, it's hard to get deeply involved with the frantic 'what's going on?' sturm und drang.
0.0 Survivors is a truly awful mix of bad direction, nonsensical story line and dialogue that appears to have been made up on the spot.
0.2 It's a real struggle to survive Soul Survivors to the finish.
0.25 Soul Survivors is such a numbingly opaque and enervating movie experience that even Jeepers Creepers seems poetic and luminous by comparison.
0.2 Carpenter's script rummages through a closetful of horror-movie cliches and drags them all out sooner or later.
0.2 So awful I feel compelled to knock on doors and warn people about it.
0.2 A sentimental story of little suspense and scant terror.
0.75 If most thrillers were as original and well-made as this one, we'd all be very lucky.
0.25 A pathetic parade of standard-issue jumps and frights that can't raise a single goosebump.
0.54 The problem here isn't just the ludicrous and sometimes-confusing story. It also features awesomely awful dialogue.
0.375 A by-the-numbers horror movie whose only real scare comes from the sudden blast of a starter's pistol at a swim meet.
0.4 It doesn't entertain, it's confusing, it rarely excites and it feels pretty redundant for most of its runtime, despite a pretty cool ending
0.625 Halloween III, while not a complete success, at least offers something different from the norm.
0.8 Halloween III: Season of the Witch might have been hated back in the day, but it simply doesn't deserve the anger and animosity nowadays.
0.75 It is high time for viewers with a hang-up to reevaluate the pleasures that Halloween III: Season of the Witch has to offer.
0.4 There are more than enough giant logic holes, stilted characters and idiotic developments to make sure that it is bad for reasons transcending its simple poorness as a sequel
0.4 Has little connection with first two "Halloweens," including true terror.
0.5 Though the film certainly isn't awful, the filmmakers couldn't decide on their focus.
0.2 Something stinks!
0.375 This is one of those Identikit movies, assembled out of familiar parts from other, better movies.
0.6 Mr. Wallace clearly has a fondness for the cliches he is parodying and he does it with style.
0.2 Oh boy, this is a howler, justly ranked as one of the worst films in history and shocking in that it didn't kill Carpenter's career outright.
0.6 Very peculiar variant on Invasion of the Body Snatchers. Connected to the Halloween series in name only.
0.5 Points for trying something new, but the results are more laughable than terrifying.
0.9 a lot of fun for fans of the science fiction and horror genres
1.0 One hundred minutes of pure queer celebration that manages to concoct a bizarre cocktail of sincerity and reckless abandon.
0.8 It's like art-rockers Roxy Music let loose on Frankenstein - ludicrous, but oddly compelling. And it even stars Meat Loaf.
0.6 A great midnight movie experience in the theaters, but the film itself is a bit of a bore.
0.75 The film itself is a lot of fun -- but the audience-participation phenomenon has turned it into a one-of-a-kind cinematic experience.
0.6 Best seen with wild crowd at midnight. Otherwise, nope.
0.625 Viewed on video simply as a movie, without the midnight sideshow, it's cheerful and silly, and kind of sweet, and forgettable.
0.9 A very good film in its own right; it's a triumph of clever filmmaking by Jim Sharman, who should have gone on to bigger things.
0.0 I'm betting most fans have never really watched the film, they being distracted by the parade of guys in fishnets and flying toast.
0.6 Strange, unique, and one-of-a-kind... provided you see it under the right conditions.
0.875 Great music, over the top acting, extremely original. Without a doubt a one of a kind.
0.81 Love it or hate it, this is a trip you're likely never going to forget.
1.0 Oh, the horror!
0.75 a dizzying experience, made all the more so if you are lucky enough to see it in a theater with a crowd who knows all the lyrics, dance moves, and proper audience responses to yell back at the screen
0.7 ...the king of the hill of midnight movies, the undisputed champion of camp, the consummate cult classic.
0.8 For those willing to experiment with something a little bit different, a little bit outre, The Rocky Horror Picture Show has a lot to offer.
0.9 Every once in a while it's fun to just sit back, go wild, dress up in garters and watch a messed up movie.
0.5 If you mess with perfection, you end up with the beast.
0.66 Conventions of the time did not allow director Victor Fleming to examine the powerful sexual undertones of Stevenson's tale, robbing the film of much of its potential insight
0.75 MGM gave the familiar story the big-budget, big-star treatment, but in the process drained it of all of its biting social and psychological implications.
1.0 Quite eerie classic thriller with Tracy surprisingly good in title role(s).
0.7 Less an outright horror film than its predecessor and more a straightforward psychological study. Most of the earlier sex is replaced by a stubborn, straightlaced morality.
0.4 Botched remake of the 1931 classic.
0.4 A little Freudian theory is a dangerous thing. It can make a piece of errant hokum dizzy with significance.
0.4 Spencer Tracy is miscast and overrated in one of the weakest adaptations of the story to date.
0.8 A bit starched and yappy, but still packs a punch.
1.0 ...it renders the uttermost strengths of the silent film era, in which the audience was dependent on what went into the picture instead of what came out of the speaker.
0.8 Definitely worth a look for fans of the involved directors, though such fans probably already own it.
0.8 Intriguing and mostly successful.
0.75 If the other two stories had also been done by Fellini, the whole offering might have been much better.
0.6 [Toby Dammit] is marvelous: a short movie but a major one. The Vadim is as overdecorated and shrill as a drag ball, but still quite fun, and the Malle, based on one of Poe's best stories, is simply tedious.
0.6 Horrific? Not really. But interesting to watch.
0.6 See it for Fellini's hilarious "Toby Dammit" sequence. (Elsewhere Jane and Peter Fonda play lovers...)
0.6 The Fellini part is brilliant. The rest is not.
0.67 While Spirits of the Dead doesn't do much justice to Poe's source material, fans of bizarre French cinema should have a pretty good time.
0.875 As far as psychological horror goes, the films work well, and that they realize Poe's stories were mainly internalized distortions of the world works to their advantage, even as they approach the material in vastly different ways.
0.75 more of an interesting exercise in literary adaptation than a fully satisfying work of art
0.7 Not what I would have expected... but hey, we are defined by our contradictions, no?
0.6 The Vicious Brothers have some fun with what's essentially a slasher movie featuring homicidal aliens.
0.2 There's nothing at all original, engaging, stimulating or thought-provoking (for all of these, see Invasion of the Body Snatchers) within its frames.
0.45 If the whole premise of Extraterrestrial sounds familiar, that's because there's hardly an original idea in the whole film.
0.4 Everything about it is meant to either raise or lower your expectations.
0.625 "Extraterrestrial" never settles into a groove, and therefore never becomes more than a collection of effectively icky scenes.
0.2 If aliens travel thousands of light-years to terrorize you, the least you can do is put them in an exciting movie.
0.25 I kept holding out hope it would reveal itself as a parody in the 11th hour.
0.4 A hackneyed, seen-it-all-before tale that has grown somewhat tired in contemporary cinema.
0.6 Once Extraterrestrial gets gruesome and starts delivering the mayhem, there's certainly some fun to be found here.
0.2 Extra-terrible, more like.
0.6 An enjoyably cheesy B-movie containing some unexpected twists and a good few laughs, intentional and otherwise.
0.7 A riotous hybrid of alien mayhem and cabin-in-the-woods horror, this movie has a playful tone that makes it thoroughly entertaining.
0.4 Minihan and Ortiz trundle out the same old storyline: creepy things in the woods, camcorder found footage - and abductions by aliens who prove that everything you've heard about their anatomical-exploratory procedures is 100% correct.
0.4 A blunt picture where everything feels borrowed from earlier, better films.
0.4 This all-too-familiar assemblage of dumbed-down flotsam and campy jetsam from far-better sci-fi films is filled with cliched predictability.
0.6 The exact midway point between Steven Spielberg and Ed Wood, this a cheerily obvious schlocker that will please B-movie purists.
0.4 When the lead actress is introduced with a leering close-up of her scantily clad backside, it's safe to say that character development was never a top priority.
0.8 Minihan's direction is assured and slick and it's nice to see some oldschool aliens rock up on screen.
0.4 Revelling in its B-movie conventions to little dramatic effect, this intergalactic slasher is often unintentionally hilarious.
0.7 Extraterrestrial harkens back to a time when sci-fi movies could be both fun and horrific, finding success thanks to the Vicious Brothers' "no holds barred" filmmaking mentality.
0.5 [It doesn't] further the alien sub-genre, which as far as I'm concerned, is dead.
0.4 A variety of modest but well-executed special effects enlivens the otherwise run-of-the-mill effort about carnivorous aliens terrorizing a farm. The farm wins.
0.6 Black balls that kill... what more can be said?
0.6 "Gremlins on Acid" - as wacky as it is wicked, loads of fun
0.75 a fun "gremling-inspired" movie
0.6 Not a bad little Gremlins' rip-off.
0.8 Entirely enjoyable B-level sci-fi throwback.
0.3 It's all very "mad scientist dungeon," minus the excitement.
0.5 The movie creates a mood, builds some tension, then it totally fizzles out. The performances are inconsistent - they never reach the level of desperation you would expect.
0.7 Production values are low and everything looks cheap, but the film punches above its weight and has a lot of heart.
0.6 Enjoyable, but now basically a footnote to the TV series.
0.5 This pallid crossbreeding of vampire horror with Valley Girl vamping has no surprises.
0.4 A sometimes entertaining mess. (The TV series is, shockingly, a whole lot better.)
0.4 From this whole thing, who comes out the best? Paul Reubens! Who knew?
0.2 My favorite TV show is Buffy, I still can't believe it came from this horrible movie.
0.6 A slight, good-humored film that's a lot more painless than might have been expected.
0.6 Not bad but pales to the terrific TV show.
0.2 Buffy the Vampire Slayer has a promising title and some good ideas, but fails to deliver the goods.
0.6 I know I stand alone on this, but Kristy Swanson is the one true Buffy.
0.6 Amusing trifle, notable chiefly for Paul Reubens' performance.
0.3 Barely watchable.
0.3 Flat comedy/horror flick that barely scratches the level of mediocrity in either genre.
0.6 The direction is downright bad, and the storyline really doesn't help much, but all of this is made up in spades with one of the most finely crafted formula scripts courtesy of Josh Whedon.
0.5 A fun movie; so much better than it has to be and so much better than you expect it to be.
0.4 The prognosis is not good
0.8 Suspenseful entertainment -- but it's also a suitably chilling cautionary tale.
0.25 ...pure lunacy...
0.6 an allegorical commentary (from a non-American director) on the United States, all lost at sea and at odds with itself now that it is under the steerage of an incompetent and deceitful helmsman.
0.4 lot like, well, treading water
0.4 Adrift becomes exactly the sort of DTV sequel we so very often ignore.
0.4 Adrift has its moments but it's a frustrating film in many ways and doesn't really work as a thriller unless you're a confirmed hydrophobic. If people meeting unfortunate watery ends is your thing then rent Open Water instead.
0.75 ...genuinely tense...
0.8 A labor of love sheathed in the shabby clothes of hate.
0.8 Rob Zombie semble desormais posseder tous les attributs necessaires pour en devenir l'un des artisans les plus importants de sa generation
0.8 Interessante ao propor uma inversao de papeis entre algozes e vitimas, exibe uma seguranca tal em sua narrativa que chega a surpreender que tenha sido dirigido pelo mesmo Zombie do pessimo filme original.
0.8 ...it's best to quote Captain Spaulding himself. "You like blood? Violence? Freaks of nature?" Then you're going to be satisfied by Rejects.
0.6 It's an exceptionally well-done sophomore effort from a man who made one of the worst movies I've ever seen. That's a pretty decent accomplishment.
0.5 As the body count rises, The Devil's Rejects tries hard to stay funny and nasty, but the effort shows...
0.7 A damn fine '70s homage flick with a Western-horror touch that you won't find in many movies nowadays.
0.25 A sickening, socially-irresponsible glorification of depraved and sadistic behavior...The worst film of 2005.
0.8 One of the best, most chilling slasher films ever!
0.5 Has its articulate moments but for the most part Rob Zombie's grisly, nasty 'Devils Rejects is mostly just grisly (and nasty).
0.2 The family that slays together... stays together. If you like movies about redneck psycho serial killer families and don't mind a LOT of profanity, this is for you.
0.9 one disorientingly demented trip through the terrain of 1970s outlaw grindhouse.
0.6 Not for the faint of stomach and definitely won't appeal to everyone but it's worth seeing if you like this sort of thing.
0.75 Lynyrd Skynyrds 'Freebird' will never be the same again.
0.75 Much of its aesthetic is recycled, but Zombie uses such grabby devices as slow motion, freeze frames, and burned-out grainy film stock with such flair and intensity that it rachets the whole endeavor up an extra notch.
0.0 It's like having excrement thrown in your face at a GG Allin concert.
0.75 [A] catalogue of loving references to lowlife gore films of the past ... all-encompassing sarcasm and general screw-you attitude lift (or sink) the movie to another level.
0.5 While nailing the style and look, Zombie proves that the substance of The Devil's Rejects belongs in a film school course on 70's horror.
0.2 .
0.1 We're supposed to feel bad for these people, as they didn't do anything so horrible, just tortured, killed and dismembered a few dozen innocent people., right?
0.75 It's not a perfect picture, but the overall effect is incredibly satisfying.
0.75 Indefensible on a moral level, Rob Zombie's perversely watchable follow-up to his much-reviled cult hit House of 1000 Corpses is loaded with filmmaking energy.
0.7 The results are for seasoned -- even hardened -- horror-movie fans only; anyone else need not apply.
0.75 Casts light on what it is about the way we are that make wickedness so damnably attractive.
0.0 I have come close to walking out on four movies in my 18 years of reviewing. "The Devil's Rejects" is one of them.
0.6 A hardcore horror film that will appall as much as entertain, The Devil's Rejects is both impressive and repugnant.
0.75 Rob Zombie has taken a form of filmmaking that was of questionable repute and elevated it by putting the pieces together better than most of the form's original practitioners.
0.7 The year's most viciously entertaining psycho-road- movie-revenge- 'n'-wreckage- romance.
0.6 A twisted cross between The Texas Chainsaw Massacre and Natural Born Killers, with some pseudo Bonnie and Clyde sentiments thrown in.
0.8 If Tarantino's first film was an homage to '70s grindhouse horror films instead of Reservoir Dogs, he probably would have made this picture.
0.0 The only conceivable way this toxic heap could benefit mankind is if every print were melted down and had its celluloid content rendered into guitar picks.
0.6 Gore hounds will love it, this is the genre at the top of its game, but there's not much here for the rest of us.
0.625 Yes, The Devil's Rejects had me squirming in my seat and looking to darkened corners of the theater for respite from the on-screen violence, but so what?
0.5 Despite the cliches and the profanity, there are some hilariously wicked moments.
0.7 Smells of expired milk, impacts like a deer hitting your car, and tastes of moldy pizza. I don't think Rob Zombie would have it any other way.
0.7 In a league of classic films that are legendary for how disconcerting they are.
0.4 Thirty years ago this would have been dismissed as drive-in fare and, frankly, it's not much more than that today.
0.6 One of a handful of sequels that both improve on their sources and play perfectly as stand-alones.
0.75 If one is hip to the references (and, proudly or not, I am), it's amazing to see how precisely the metal-punk- turned-moviemaker Zombie channels the gleefully nihilistic tone and even the low-budget bleached-out quality of his disreputable inspirations.
0.5 Despite some giddy humor and a soundtrack of '70s Top-40 hits, this is 'entertainment' for sociopaths, occasionally effective but impossible to recommend with a clear conscience.
0.75 The first 15 minutes and last half hour are terrific, and the stunningly violent middle part is only a partial waste.
0.125 The Devil's Rejects doesn't just deserve to be rejected, but to be buried in a hole so dank that no one will discover it.
0.2 Hear this futile plea: Look in the mirror, Zombie. Show some class. Making people sick is no way to make a name for yourself. Even a fake name.
0.625 Zombie looks beyond the horror genre for influence and creates a film that doesn't exactly shatter expectations but at least sidesteps them with some degree of verve.
0.4 Despite its nearly nonstop torrent of gore, The Devil's Rejects is not really a horror film. It's a compendium of tributes and references to horror films of the past.
0.375 ...belongs to that perversely misogynistic subgenre of horror films that believes the only thing better than a nude woman is a dead nude woman.
0.875 This is a perfect B-movie, full of wicked dread.
0.5 The movie features some of the ugliest people and most disgusting behavior this side of I Spit on Your Grave.
0.25 Zombie doesn't appear to have any other goals besides assaulting the viewer with gore and callousness.
0.625 Rob Zombie is improving as a filmmaker. Maybe someday he'll outgrow his extended adolescence, too.
0.0 If The Sun allowed me to give a star rating of less than zero, this one would earn a minus-infinity. It is that stupid, that vile, that violent, that hateful, that disgusting, that dangerous.
0.375 If we're supposed to hang out with these creeps in order, eventually, to like them, well, we don't.
0.625 Rob Zombie proves he's a filmmaker to be taken seriously -- or at least not to be considered a total joke -- but he still hasn't figured out how to fashion something more than the sum of his enthusiasms.
0.7 Much better than the cinematic cesspool of substandard 70s horror remakes we've been seeing lately.
0.2 Robert Cummings (OK, trick or treaters, sorry; it's ROB ZOMBIE) has officially become the Jerry Springer of the horror movie set.
0.875 ... For those who can stomach the violence, it is destined to become a classic.
0.2 A reprehensible and loathsome journey of excess...any redeeming value is well hidden.
0.8 an exhilaratingly sick joke
0.2 Crass, vacuous exercise in grind-house stylistics.
0.5 A little of this will go a long way, and besides, who wants to see someone torturing Three's Company's Priscilla Barnes in a roach motel?
0.3 Irredeemable trash, plain and simple, gratuitously violent and sadistic and aimed at people who derive entertainment from watching other human beings suffer.
0.625 Horror-punk, outlaw entertainment, an exploitation pic with a '70s aesthetic and endless scenarios of white-trash unpleasantness....[not for] Merchant-Ivory fans.
0.5 Beyond the sheer creativity of Zombie's sick imagination, there's little pleasure to be found in a movie of this nature.
0.75 It is possible to be repulsed by The Devil's Rejects while acknowledging it as an effective, high-quality piece of work.
0.75 A kind of heedless zeal transforms its horrors. The movie is not merely disgusting, but has an attitude and a subversive sense of humor.
0.75 Horror fans will find what they're looking for.
0.875 One nasty, brilliantly constructed scene after another.
0.5 There is no anchor to this madness. The authorities are just as psychotic and sadistic as the villains. Everyone on TV is a polyester buffoon.
0.625 The salt-baked, smoke-cured dialogue makes up for a lot, especially as it's delivered by such canny veterans as Lewis, Haig and Forsythe, who's savoring his meaty caricature of a bent lawman.
1.0 It is grim, unrelenting and savage, and it is destined to become a genre classic. After seeing this one, you won't just lock your doors, you'll nail planks over your windows.
0.5 While [the film] does contain a number of genuinely creepy moments...Zombie bogs things down with a plethora of broadly-played, overly wacky supporting characters.
0.0 Offensively inhuman, uninspired and cruelly unoriginal.
0.75 The Devil's Rejects is meanspirited, graphic, and bubbling over in ultra-realistic viscera, but it isn't without sociological merit.
0.4 I'm all for horror fans having their go at the genre and paying respect to the classics - but affection doesn't equal execution.
0.9 A gloriously wicked psychobilly thriller that unfolds like a crystal meth soaked drive-in movie nightmare.
0.5 Zombie has made a film not so much out of reverence for the images that shaped his youth but out of fear that he may never get to make another one ever again.
1.0 A wild, grittily authentic, nihilistic jaw-dropper of a film!
0.5 The Devil's Rejects plays out like the kind of film everyone thought House was gonna be - a retrofied, nasty horror homage.
0.6 The kaleidoscopic fun-house atmosphere of Corpses is gone, replaced by a more gritty, less inventive approach.
0.3 This is a violent, body-strewn road movie. And unless you're a fan of this kind of camp viciousness, it's pretty unbearable.
0.4 This routine video-game spinoff borrows heavily from James Cameron action flicks and George Romero zombie epics but doesn't do much else.
0.7 This adaptation captures the spirit of the video games and with its fun, anything can happen mindset and tons of over the top violence, 'Resident Evil' proves there may be a future for video game movies yet.
0.4 An ultra-gory video game-to-movie disappointment.
0.5 The overblown action and cheapo effects become as relentless as the undead.
0.6 This video-game-to-celluloid adaptation has a clammy, nightmarish glaze and tightly coiled sense of tension.
0.5 here are times when RESIDENT EVIL looks unfinished or below its potential
0.0 So bad it can't even steal effectively from good movies that came before.
0.625 ... The Night of the Living Dead for the 21st century.
0.75 In the category of zombie movies, this is top shelf.
0.6 Don't expect Aliens but don't resign yourself to Ghosts of Mars either.
0.2 Barbequed Doggie Zombies. If your heart just skipped a beat and you find yourself atingle with anticipation, then I wish you good luck and Godspeed and there's no need for you to read further
0.4 Game fans will be disappointed. Zombie fans will be disappointed. Paul Anderson's fan will be disappointed.
0.8 The only real "cerebral" activity that should take place in a zombie movie is the consumption of brains by the heretofore mentioned zombies themselves.
0.3 ...The latest proof that trying to adapt a film from a video game is a bad idea.
0.75 Milla Jovovich and Michelle Rodriguez kick zombie butt in this faithful, action-packed adaptation of the popular survival horror video game.
0.5 I'll bet the video game is a lot more fun than the film.
0.4 Disappointing horror flick, with only the Zombie Dogs and Jovovich's skimpy zombie-busting attire to recommend it.
0.7 It was fun and I got what I wanted ? that seems to happen less and less these days in the cinema, we should take all we can get.
0.875 It works well enough, since the thrills pop up frequently, and the dispatching of the cast is as often imaginative as it is gory.
0.125 So lifeless, pointless and dank that it manages the amazing feat of making the undead seem boring.
0.625 On its own terms, Resident Evil updates the zombie genre with an anti-corporate message while still scaring its audience and providing heart-pounding action.
0.5 Certainly not a good movie, but it wasn't horrible either.
0.5 When the dead come back to life and start chewing on the living it all comes flooding back. These heroes should have remembered "Dawn of the Dead"
0.6 Anderson ... has enough sense not to let the pace flag for a second, filling the screen with ravenous flesh-eaters, explosions and special effects.
0.8 Resident Evil es un videogame llevado a la pantalla y que pese a lo que digan, es la adaptacion mas fiel que se haya realizado en este rubro.
0.8 Resident Evil is a rabid zombie thriller that splatters on the screen with gruesome joy. Intense, loud and fast-paced, this is the best video game-turned-movie ever.
0.4 One of the better shoot 'em up games in computing history comes to the big screen in a way that is not only near unrecognisable, but also one of the most disappointing adaptations of a game ever.
0.25 A dumb, mean-spirited movie based on a dumb, mean-spirited video game.
0.2 Loud, grisly, action-packed and profoundly un-scary.
0.25 A zombie movie in every sense of the word--mindless, lifeless, meandering, loud, painful, obnoxious.
0.2 [There's] nothing scary here except for some awful acting and lame special effects.
0.75 ... the current culmination of everything (Paul Anderson's) done to date... the results are pure cinematic fun.
0.375 The inherent limitations of using a video game as the source material movie are once again made all too clear in this schlocky horror/action hybrid.
0.2 The credits list the film as being "written and directed" by Paul W.S. Anderson. "Programmed by" would be a more accurate credit.
0.375 Just think that you could have sacrificed ten quarters to play Resident Evil the video game instead of coughing up ten bucks to witness the monotonous Resident Evil the movie.
0.5 I firmly believe that a good video game movie is going to show up soon. I also believe that Resident Evil is not it.
0.375 essentially a futuristic Night of the Living Dead without the social commentary, pacing, or interesting characters
0.375 I feel qualified to report that the game itself is more exciting and, just as important, much cheaper to sample.
0.5 Is this the future of horror or just some bizarre fluke? Don't ask me, I'm having too much fun to care.
0.6 Quasi-evil - to quote Dr. Evil
0.8 Just a good old fashioned time at the cinema, but check your brain at the door.
0.4 Devolves into the derivative, leaning on badly-rendered CGI effects.
0.1 I would say that chaos ensues, but it started the minute the opening credits started to roll, so 'ensuing' is not very helpful. Chaos reigns.
0.375 ...nothing more than an endless festival of blood and gore, masquerading under the guise of a gritty modern science fiction fable.
0.5 An already thin story boils down to surviving invaders seeking an existent anti-virus. If only there were one for this kind of movie.
0.4 While the Resident Evil games may have set new standards for thrills, suspense, and gore for video games, the movie really only succeeds in the third of these.
0.25 Director Paul W.S. Anderson's cinematic style can be summed up in two words: 'ooh' and 'ick.'
0.25 Dumbed-down, lowest-common-denominator filmmaker with...no scares to be had.
0.5 Its characters are thinner than cardboard -- or even comic-book paper.
0.75 Resident Evil is not a cautionary tale about scientific experiments gone awry; clearly, it's meant to be a blood-spattered, shoot 'em up, slice 'em and dice 'em, horror sci-fi popcorn flick to the nth degree.
0.3 It all looks and plays like a $40 million version of a game you're more likely to enjoy on a computer.
0.25 A derivative collection of horror and sci-fi cliches.
0.625 It's spooky, suspenseful and jump-out-of-your-seat scary.
0.75 The best video-game-based movie so far.
0.25 The only noticeable Resident Evil on display here is the lack of creativity in the minds of the filmmakers.
0.75 The action in Resident Evil is like watching demons from the repressed unconscious break loose and attack the ego.
0.6 If anyone could do justice to the hugely popular Resident Evil series ... it's Anderson.
0.5 Movies based on video games are shallow, obvious and one-dimensional.
0.5 Delivers a knockout punch for teens and/or game fans but may repulse or bore everybody else.
0.375 Began life as a computer game, then morphed into a movie -- a bad one, of course.
0.5 Never having played it, all I saw on screen were a lot of ideas stolen from Aliens, 2001: A Space Odyssey, Alice in Wonderland, The Matrix and George Romero's Living Dead movies.
0.5 Fans of the game and the genre will be disappointed with the lack of gore ... and everyone else will find what plot there is confusing and boring.
0.25 The movie is Dawn of the Dead crossed with John Carpenter's Ghosts of Mars, with zombies not as ghoulish as the first and trains not as big as the second.
0.25 A video game cum movie that substitutes shrieking decibel levels for a coherent plot and any resemblance to originality.
0.6 Finally, a sit-on-the-edge-of-your-seat thriller that, though slightly by the numbers, made you jump on more than one occasion.
0.25 The most depressing thing about Resident Evil -- and there are many, trust me -- is seeing the promising star of Girlfight reduced to a direct-to-video movie cliche.
0.25 Anderson apparently doesn't understand how to scare an audience.
0.25 Resident Evil isn't a product of its cinematic predecessors so much as an MTV, sugar hysteria, and PlayStation cocktail.
0.4 Handsome and sometimes creepy, but formulaic in the extreme.
0.3 All Ms. Jovovich, as the sanctified heroine, has to do is look radiant, grimly purposeful and mildly alarmed while forcing open doors, wielding wrenches and fleeing monsters.
0.25 Even in the dubious genre of movies based on video games, Resident Evil is an abomination.
0.125 Resident Evil is what comes from taking John Carpenter's Ghosts of Mars and eliminating the beheadings. In other words, about as bad a film you're likely to see all year.
0.75 It delivers action, comedy and intensity charged with jolts of terrifying scary fun.
0.5 This is an arcade game, designed to deliver thrills and chills. This is does.
0.2 What will, most likely, turn out to be the most repellent movie of 2002.
0.75 An energetic, violent movie with a momentum that never lets up.
0.875 Forgettable horror -- more gory than psychological -- with a highly satisfying quotient of Friday-night excitement and Milla power.
0.71 Though it may damage my credibility as a respectable movie critic, I'll proudly list Resident Evil on my list of this year's guilty pleasures.
0.5 Mostly, the movie is filled with scenes where the soldier people argue until somebody says, 'What's that sound?,' and then some horrible monster comes out and tries to eat them.
0.375 Paul Anderson, the director of such previous sci-fi turkeys as Event Horizon, Soldier and Mortal Combat, is back again with another loud, over-the-top picture.
0.625 Resident Evil may be brain dead but it's great popcorn entertainment nonetheless.
0.375 Brrrrrr....As scary as a ride though the Coney Island funhouse.
0.5 The special effects for this film were pretty bad.
0.7 The bottom line is that I munched on my nachos with my eyes glued to the screen and had a blast! Nothing wrong with that.
0.0 It's been 13 months and 295 preview screenings since I last walked out on a movie, but Resident Evil really earned my indignant, preemptive departure.
0.375 Unless you find the idea of killer mummy wraps particularly frightening, chances are you'll find this direct-to-vid thriller as ridiculous as I did.
0.6 Not bad but poor CGI muffles the scares.
0.5 Never funny enough to pass muster as a comedy and never scary enough (if at all) to make it as a horror movie.
0.4 Given the talent involved, it's almost impressive how much of a misfire the film is.
0.0 Oh, Wes, what did we all do to deserve this?
0.4 Is it comedy? Is it horror? Uneven film that never lives up to its potential as either.
0.25 Vampire in Brooklyn is neither funny nor frightening and comes up a tedious middle-road hybrid from veteran scaremeister Wes Craven, who directed.
0.4 Essentially little more than a romantic triangle with a 'good versus evil' twist, it's not a bad film, but it is also neither winningly funny enough to exploit Murphy's talents nor bitingly scary enough to exploit Craven's.
0.41 The horror relies on special effects so obvious that the scares are compromised.
0.375 Murphy's pale efforts are enough to make one fondly recall Blacula. Now that was one sucker who knew how to make a film that didn't.
0.5 Lightweight fun.
0.5 Doesn't live up to its promise or premise.
0.25 To call this a comedy is a sign of optimism; to call it a comeback for Murphy is a sign of blind faith.
0.125 Kadeem Hardison is the best thing about this film, playing Maximillian's slowly rotting ghoul henchman. However; one has to wonder about a film where Eddie Murphy needs comic relief.
0.5 They're no match, though, for the crushing disappointment of having to watch Murphy on the comic sidelines. It's like going to a Barbra Streisand concert and being asked to listen with her while the rhythm section sings.
0.4 Neither all that scary nor all that hilarious, Vampire in Brooklyn falls directly between the two, into the valley of mediocrity.
0.375 Murphy's performance is pretty good most of the way, but he needed a stronger director than horrormeister Wes Craven to keep him in check.
0.6 A big, glossy and mostly puerile project bound to please Murphy's fans.
0.6 Sometimes-gruesome Watchmen extras best for fans.
0.6 It provides another angle on the Watchmen universe we might not otherwise get.
0.625 This spare, downbeat shocker shows considerable promise within the scope of its own modest ambitions.
0.7 This Argentinian horror film consistently hits the right creepy points while exhibiting impressive gory effects created with extremely limited resources.
0.625 It's not to say there's not a lot wrong with the film, but rather to suggest that the chief criticisms of it being strange and "a mess" aren't among them.
0.6 An often fascinating mess, but a mess all the same.
0.25 There's the obese Brando pretending to be God while dressed in gauzy white robes like a demented pope
0.8 Amazingly, Kilmer delivers an odder performance than Brando. Creepy retelling.
0.5 In its final third, the movie goes to hell in more ways than Frankenheimer intended.
0.625 The most exciting characters are killed off too early, and what we're left with is a Satan's "Seasme Street."
0.2 I'm sure it looked good on paper. That and Kilmer's frighteningly apt mimicry of Brando's voice are about the only positive things I can say.
0.5 The movie keeps switching focus without ever getting its bearings, and when Brando exits earlier than expected, there's little but mayhem to fall back on.
0.8 Uneven; definitely has its moments.
0.75 A heart-warming, mother-daughter drama that's also a ghost story.
1.0 "Just as brilliant, beautiful, and entertaining as Romero's first zombie masterpiece."
0.875 An astonishment from start to finish, from its vivid opening shot of a passenger plane in an obviously artificial sky that resembles a 'sea of blood' to the complementary final image of an invading armada of flying saucers.
0.9 Iron-clad-nutso proof that a film can be simultaneously ridiculous and smart, and should not be confused for disposable camp.
0.9 Detention is unlike any teen slasher you've ever seen, or quite possibly will see. It's proof that fresh ideas and off the wall filmmaking are still a possibility in today's cinematic world.
0.625 It's hard not to admire the absolute commitment to a script that is very ambitious and totally bonkers in the plot department. And maybe its lack of focus is meant to reflect the scattered attention spans of its audience.
0.9 Detention is a hypnotic hipster acid trip - a brazenly irreverent jolt to the system that screams cult gem.
0.5 ...too weird and too off-the-wall to become anything more than a mildly amusing curiosity.
0.625 I often fell in to the category of despising it but also kept dabbling in the area of admiration for being so unpredictable and original.
0.68 Its willingness to not only acknowledge but outright revel in its own shallowness is refreshing.
0.5 Neither good enough to impress as a meta mashup of horror and comedy, nor bad enough to hoot and throw popcorn at, it slides into a gray area of unfocused ideas and unrealized potential.
0.3 A migraine-inducing endurance test.
0.8 Kahn's fast-paced, Aaron Sorkin-like "Detention" deserves cult-hit status. Just as "The Social Network" embodies our Facebook culture, this SXSW film-festival favorite rewrites today's high school movie bible.
0.3 Tries way, way, way too hard. A directorial drum solo that quickly wears out its welcome.
0.4 Bloody teen slasher ridicules genre's many stereotypes.
0.5 There will be young moviegoers who proclaim this genius, and more stodgy audience members who find it torturous. If you're not tweeting and texting a combined 50 times or more per day, you're probably in the latter camp.
0.625 Sort of like The Breakfast Club meets Donnie Darko, except without a hint of subtlety.
0.375 Here's another sardonic look at the hell of the American high school, where countless American filmmakers believe our souls are locked no matter how long it's been since we graduated.
0.0 It's as if someone vomited pastel-hued nostalgia. I must apologize for that statement: Pastel vomit would take some effort to produce.
0.3 Exhausting before its first few minutes of whip-pans, smash cuts, coarsely self-referential jokes and on-screen text visuals is over...
0.3 In this universe people seem composed of 1 percent water and 99 percent '90s references and genre expectations.
0.2 This is a film with enough ideas to fuel five different movies and not a single one of them is any good.
0.25 Resembles a movie less than it suggests an evening of determined, incoherent channel-hopping - with the help of a remote control that's apparently stuck on "random."
0.625 The movie itself is never truly clear. If it's also never intentionally bad, its unintentional badness keeps blasting into shockingly clever places.
0.6 Some viewers will be understandably put off by its aggressive lack of focus, but Kahn is so excited about cramming in every idea that ultimately the originality trumps the obnoxiousness.
0.5 Somebody somewhere forgot that a film needs a streamlined story to make visual chaos palatable.
0.375 Desperately strives for the smarts and fun that The Cabin in the Woods achieves through good ideas, not relentless attitude.
0.2 The whole thing comes off like 200 commercials smashed together, selling you your own obsolescence.
0.75 An overstuffed but ridiculously fun and gleefully original concoction. "Detention" should earn major "cult hit" status if for no other reason than for its fierce, unflinching juggling of genres and conventions.
0.75 Joseph Kahn funded this sharp looking, ultra low-budget indie with his own savings, and you get the feeling that he's going for broke in every sense.
0.5 ...ultimately right in line with its passable yet far-from-memorable predecessor.
0.25 Basically only for completists looking to see Jason take center stage for the first time. [Blu-ray]
0.3 The new camp counselors are interchangeable with the old ones. Different faces, same basic people.
0.6 Not as good as the original, but still pretty fun, it serves up more of the same and continued to be fresh enough before its many other sequels got too silly.
0.625 cannot be defended intellectually, yet, the film's very simplicity and directness gives it a kind of folkloric power, albeit power that works only if you give yourself over to it
0.625 Friday the 13th Part 2 never aspires to be termite art.
0.625 A solid first sequel and the truly chilling jump scare at the end gives the original's a run for its money.
0.5 a carbon copy sequel
0.6 All things considered, it probably should have been a whole lot worse.
0.4 If slasher movies are your thing, take a stab at this one.
0.2 Yes, it blows. Try to contain your surprise.
0.4 Jason before hockey mask, but with a nifty flour sack on his head
0.4 A little better than its predecessor, but that's not saying much.
0.6 More of the same. It all depends on your taste for carnage.
0.25 The Eternal is just silly and not the least bit scary.
0.6 ...goes on way too long for its tenuous material and never really pays off. However, it is a film of quiet terror...
0.3 The film is so tackily written and directed, so darkly photographed and the sound so dimly recorded, that it's difficult to stay with it.
0.8 Early Cronenberg. Crude, but effective.
0.6 Cronenberg got more sophisticated later, but this is still a gross-out chiller to be proud of.
0.625 Unusually heady for a zero budget shocker, finding its sources for fear in the mind/body disconnect between man and the basement of his sexual nature.
0.8 Deliciously disgusting.
0.5 The "me" generation discarded sexual norms when it suited them, and Cronenberg offers a variety of punishments for their hypocrisy.
0.8 Despite all the nastiness there is a compulsive nature to this film that makes it very hard to switch off even when in full gory swing.
0.6 Shivers, written and directed by Cronenberg, is a paranoid, prurient sexual nightmare.
0.4 The film is marred by glacial pacing, its own silly premise, and a snowballing series of absurdities.
0.375 One ultimately can't help but scratch one's head at the presence of such well-known figures as Morgan Freeman and Kevin Spacey within Edison Force...
0.4 Nothing more than a sub-average direct-to-video actioner with a few A-listers stuck in the leads.
0.2 Deveria haver uma lei contra filmes como este.
0.8 Just because it's not A-list Argento, that does not mean it cannot be an effective surrealist horror film.
0.75 second-tier stuff
0.6 Visually striking, utterly incoherent, largely enjoyable.
0.3 [Argento's] stories are not supposed to make sense, but we can at least ask them to be watchable.
0.75 More so than any other Argento film, this one is for the fans.
0.8 Even though the thing doesn't begin to make its presence felt till near the halfway point... the simple act of watching men discuss strategy ends up being terrifically absorbing.
0.75 It's still a very harrowing and action packed horror film...
0.6 Perhaps the most famous shot of the movie is also one of head-slapping irrelevance.
0.61 A solid, workmanlike film that holds up better than one would expect.
0.75 classic, though it didn't impress me really that much
1.0 A perfect popcorn movie.
0.75 Rather than Nyby, producer Howard Hawks is often credited for the direction of this sci-fi landmark, which features Hollywood's first space-age monster in a decade invaded by Cold War-era aliens.
1.0 Howard Hawks only produced this classic scary sci-fi feature, but it has his signature touches all over it: overlapping dialogue, smooth storytelling, compressed time and space.
1.0 All-time classic sci-fi still packs creepy wallop.
0.6 The Thing today is probably best viewed as a historical document, its shock value having been diminished through time and repetition.
0.75 Doesn't pale in comparison to John Carpenter's The Thing so much as offer a respectable podling alternative.
1.0 Classic sci-fi. One of the very best.
0.5 Watching this movie one cannot help but marvel at what had passed as scary back in 1951.
0.5 Just your basic slasher fare where a horde of horny teens riddled with contemptuous attitude wind up in the lair of an ax-happy psycho.
0.6 Gore fans won't be disappointed.
0.2 It seems Dark and writer Dan Madigan have no better grasp of insect reproduction than they do of filmmaking.
0.5 ...slightly more effective than your average not-screened-for-critics genre entry...
0.6 O roteiro nao traz uma unica ideia original, sendo previsivel do inicio ao fim (com excecao, talvez no que diz respeito ao destino de alguns personagens). Ainda assim, o filme funciona gracas a direcao firme do ex-realizador porno (!) Gregory Dark.
0.2 full review in Greek
0.25 blows more than the acctresses in the directors old movies
0.0 This rote exercise in slasher-film tedium holds zero surprises.
0.0 A predictably gruesome compendium of splatter-movie cliches, See No Evil is a reprehensible exercise in lowest-common-denominator filmmaking that disgusts and bores in equal measure.
0.2 It's unoriginal with no rhyme or reason, and never takes advantage of its golden opportunity to provide us with an entertaining story.
0.25 Sickeningly violent nonsense.
0.3 If it carries the faint odour of freshly carved teenage flesh, plus a soupcan of plucked eyeball, then you've sniffed out See No Evil.
0.1 A loathsome, repugnant slasher/thriller
0.625 So undeniably nightmarish it achieves its own ugly integrity...
0.2 Feels like an eternity, making one wish the killer would hurry up so that the end credits can roll and we could all be done with this bloody mess.
0.5 See No Evil is proficient junk, which makes it something of an improvement over recent horrors like An American Haunting.
0.4 Overall, fans of this type of horror film might appreciate See No Evil for the exploitation flick that it is but others will be let down as they will have seen it all before.
0.4 Manages to startle through the first half and snooze through the second.
0.3 Pure unadulterated garbage
0.3 There's more random eye-plucking in See No Evil than in the Old Testament. While the image is undeniably repellent, it also quickly becomes rather dull.
0.375 ... mostly an excuse for a butcher to carve up prime cuts of twentysomething meat in reverse order of cuteness.
0.5 ... the extreme levels of gratuitous gore also make the picture ... difficult to recommend.
0.2 ... the appropriately named Mr. Dark has no use for actors as anything other than body-bag fillers.
0.2 ... generic and predictable ...
0.25 Outside the wrestling hook, See No Evil is a boilerplate bloodfeast featuring the usual mix of stylish camerawork and screaming sound cues.
0.0 The madman is played by the single-name professional wrestler Kane, who has all the acting skills of a fire hydrant. But why waste good acting on a contrived, unimaginative story?
0.125 Grim, bloody and relentless, without even a spark of fun or intelligence, Evil is barely good enough for late-night cable.
0.125 It might be hard to imagine a career move that is a step down from directing porn videos, yet Gregory Dark has accomplished just that with his feature-film debut, See No Evil.
0.4 ... I see no originality in See No Evil.
0.3 There's a glaring lack of plot, characterization, plausible dialogue and decent acting.
0.375 As horror movies go, I've seen a lot worse than See No Evil. Still, it's a lackluster gore flick with a plot that has more holes than its evil madman leaves in his victims.
0.0 Amateur Hour-and-a-Half....It isn't fit for human consumption.
0.5 Faithfully derivative of the low-grade, entertainingly bad slasher items of two decades ago.
0.375 ...[a] generically drab and diluted horror flick. [Kane's] a hulking sadist with the stimulating moody disposition of a blunt meat hook.
0.25 First-timer Dan Madigan's screenplay has the rhythms of a particularly simplistic video game ...
0.125 As shallow as a toilet bowl and twice as rank as its usual contents.
0.125 As misunderstood movie monsters go, Kane's Jacob can't even get in the ring with bedeviled Quasimodo of 'The Hunchback of Notre Dame' or even Frankenstein's monster.
0.2 Anyone who truly wants to See No Evil should simply avoid this movie altogether.
0.44 Although there's not nearly enough jolts, this is a workmanlike job.
0.3 The fact that See No Evil's serial stalker is only slightly more horrifying than, say, Sloth from The Goonies is not exactly a good thing.
0.4 It fails to be even a little inventive, and it's not scary at all.
0.6 Charming and easygoing enough in its matinee-movie way, though there are enough unforced errors throughout that it's really hard to think of this as one of Universal's most shining moments.
0.4 Still shufflin' around
0.6 Another mummy flick churned out by Universal, still creepy.
0.8 The Mummy's Hand is probably the best of the series.
0.76 More campy than creepy, still an entertaining blend of action, adventure and comedy.
0.875 Here is one of those rare movies that penetrates the membrane separating all those disposable "gotcha" scarefests from genuinely engrossing supernatural thrillers.
0.7 30 Days of Night is a great example on how to combine chills, thrills and gore with the end result a serious and effective horror movie.
0.75 Scrapping many of the undead cliches and aided by troublingly realistic special effects, Slade has crafted one hell of a monster movie.
0.375 About as scary as Count Chocula.
0.6 Not bad, but let's just say the movie could have used a tad more intentional humor.
0.375 ... [T]he hissing foreign-language chatting vampires, with all pointy teeth, make for dull, screaming villains.
0.375 The action is fast and gruesome, but beyond Niles and Templesmith's unique setting, in which the typical race to daylight is stretched out to an agonizing marathon, '30 Days of Night' offers little to stir the imagination.
0.3 I was done when there was a needless scene abusing a woman. And the ending was on the verge of interesting, until it came down to one little punch.
0.8 The coolest vampire movie since Near Dark.
0.5 30 Days of Night reinvents the vampire movie, but only with its novel premise.
0.7 It certainly does entertain, particularly for those who consider a man chopping off the head of one of his friends...entertaining. Twice!
0.4 Concept: excellent. Setup: intriguing. Execution: well... too many interesting ideas bungled.
0.6 aniso thriler poy mpalatzarei anamesa sti mpimoybiariki anapologitikotita toy kai ti mpantmoybiariki ektelesi toy, kai dihos na mporei na anaparastisei peistika tin komikistiki aisthitiki tis pigis empneysis toy, parapataei me epiloges poy toy prokyptoyn
0.4 Os vampiros vistos aqui sao pouco mais do que animais irracionais e desinteressantes.
0.6 It would be fun to rent with friends who talk back to movies and imbibe a little ETOH to facilitate the witty comebacks. Compared to the other Halloween offerings out there this year, 30 Days of Night is really pretty decent value for your money. Great
0.625 an okay flick
0.75 Redeems the vampire sub-genre, yanking it from the abysmal depths...
0.5 Overall, the film is freaky and gruesome enough to keep horror fans thrilled, especially as the monsters get stronger, faster, badder and nuttier.
0.4 30 Days Of Night has a terrific premise and an intriguing setting, but it's badly let down by poor direction, dismal acting and an appalling script.
0.6 A real baying-at-the-moon gorefest, unusual both for its savagery and for a half-decent performance from Hartnett.
0.6 If you are looking for a genuinely scary Halloween film, this is a good bet.
0.4 30 Days of Night has a striking comic-book aesthetic and macabre sense of fun - if your sense of fun includes watching a vampire turned into pate in the gnashing metal jaws of a rubbish processor.
0.75 The portrayal of small-town dynamics amid the loneliness of the frozen North is more artful than the frenzied, sloppy, shaky-camera fangwork.
0.6 An extremely gory but never completely gripping horror.
0.6 A refreshing variation on the vampire movie formula, with a strong premise and a fair bit of splatter, but insufficient verve to last out its nearly two hour running time.
0.4 Good idea, boring execution.
0.5 I've seen more creepy vampires, I guess. But the thought of waiting out the ghouls in "30 Days of Night" is pretty interesting.
0.6 This has more bite than we've come to expect from Sam Raimi's Ghost House production outfit. Some of the action misses the jugular, but Danny Huston makes for a sensational baddie.
0.333333333333 A frustrating mix of imaginative design, erratic plotting and underwritten characters.
0.6 In comparison to recent anaemic vampire offerings, it does make your blood run cold - assuming you've got any left.
0.8 This slick and sticky horror is the most accomplished treatment of vampire lore since Near Dark.
0.8 30 Days Of Night strikes out a nerve-jangling, bloodily unpredictable route to a truly stunning ending that's well worth the wait.
0.625 The isolated, unique nature of the town's plight keeps the film from tapping directly into universal fears, but it will certainly make you grateful to see the sun rise
0.5 Great setup, a mediocre middle, and no follow through make this story a swing and a miss, although an entertainingly bloody mess to watch.
0.3 They are counting the number of days to the sun and I was counting the number of minutes to the end.
0.4 Director David Slade is clearly of the opinion that more is more, so there is lots of blood, lots of gore, and lots of vampires in black coats standing around as if auditioning for a remake of the Michael Jackson Thriller video.
0.75 It's not quite torture porn, but there are lots of flying body parts to play with. And that flyin' body part fan base is really going to have a good time with it.
0.5 The unscary 30 Days of Night has shallow bite.
0.625 your best choice for fun frights before a night of track or treating.
0.4 The premise is slightly intriguing, but the execution is blander than Josh Hartnett's screen presence.
0.5625 30 Days is gory, graphic, suspenseful and occasionally nonsensical. But it's a vampire movie and if you're into that genre you'll probably be into this.
0.6 Let's call this one 'Vampire Movies for Dummies', complete with our hero (John Hartnett) having the job of solemnly stating the obvious as a pseudo narrator.
0.8 It's not a classic, but it's good blood-spattered fun.
0.625 Bleak, bombastic and belligerent, Slade's blood-busting bohemians will indeed take a caustic chunk out of your imaginative horrifying souls.
0.8 Decent vampire movies are few and far between, and I'm having a hard time remembering a recent one that impressed me like 30 Days of Night.
0.75 Slade doesn't skimp on the gore, or on the disturbing imagery of these fast-moving vampires... hunting the townsfolks through the snow.
0.75 If this is the kind of movie you're looking for, it delivers.
0.7 30 Days of Night redonne ses lettres de noblesses a monstre edente depuis des annees, pour ne pas dire des decennies.
0.6 At its core, 30 Days of Night is a siege Western relocated to the frozen north.
0.6 The premise of this film has just got to be the ultimate wet dream for your average vampire.
0.7 Director Slade has fashioned a horror film that, for all its narrative shortcomings, succeeds at what it set out to do: make vampires scary again and terrify audiences doing it.
0.75 30 Days of Night manages to do for the vampire genre what 28 Days Later did for the zombie flick: give age-old monsters a modern-day makeover.
0.625 Vampires stage a blood orgy in a tiny Alaskan town that spends a month of every year sunk in the darkness of polar winter in this gory adaptation of Steve Niles' popular graphic novel.
0.375 It's clear the film script has gone through the standard Hollywood death-of-a-thousand-rewrites wringer to emerge as shadow of its former self, drained of much of its creative synergy.
0.75 It's an unusually thoughtful chiller.
0.75 Fleshing out their minimalist story in a way that won't cause the blood to drain from fans' faces, it's one of the better recent efforts as both a comic adaptation and a fright flick.
0.75 30 Days of Night is the well-paced and entertaining horror debut of Hard Candy director David Slade, who captures the coolest parts of Steve Niles' comic book series on the big screen.
0.75 A truly terrifying hell-ride through darkness for grownups.
0.25 You could make a horror film with shocking story developments and creepy twists. Or, you could just have monsters with pointy teeth jump into the frame while making loud noises. For the latter, check out the vampire flick 30 Days of Night.
0.625 The increasingly ridiculous behavior of some of the other humans turn the film laughable by interrupting its brutality with banality. And when it comes to vampires, brutal is always better.
0.375 An anemic adaptation of Steve Niles and Ben Templesmith's creepy comic series, 30 Days of Night is lighter on horror than it is on inadvertent humor.
0.5 See the movie for the vampires, which are at least visually interesting. The humans are so boring I couldn't wait for them to die.
0.6 30 Days of Night isn't deep, but it's effective, and at least it doesn't seem like something you've seen a dozen times before.
0.75 Even as stage blood flows like water, this wicked-mean vampire thriller pushes ahead with effective characters, a fantastic visual schema and a terrifying plot.
0.625 Like most kiddies games, this one starts out fun and then gets tired. Inevitably, that's when Slade tries to revive our interest by upping the gore quotient.
0.75 Even when it resorts to the hoariest cliches, 30 Days of Night still chills.
0.5 The filmmakers have tried to expand the original source material by adding more characters to the mix. But as a result, it actually feels character-thin and a little sketchy.
0.625 I have pretty much reached my quota for vampire movies, but I shouldn't hold that against this one. If you haven't seen too many, you might like it.
0.625 30 Days is a proficient, atmospheric fangfest that does nothing you haven't seen before but still does it passably well.
0.875 Scary is back in the cold deadly way. This horror film contained all the necessary ingredients for a classic fright.
0.4 This is a failed fright flick that is so inspired by Stephen King that the famous horror scribe should consider suing.
0.76 ...a horror film as dim as its prevailing palette, a graytoned fugue set in the blankness of the Alaskan Arctic.
0.3 The performers have little to do besides spill and drink blood in this tedious, inconsequential B picture. The sun doesna(TM)t rise nearly fast enough.
0.625 Nearly passes muster on atmosphere alone.
0.2 A bloody bore that utilizes lots of CGI blood and rapid-fire visual glitz in a doomed effort to cover up the fact that there is nothing going on here that even the least committed consumer of vampire-related entertainment hasn't seen many times before
0.5 For a horror picture being released only weeks before Halloween, 30 Days of Night doesn't thrill and it definitely doesn't spook.
0.625 Why see the same old Saw when you have a chance to see the best and scariest vampires you have seen in a long time?
0.5 So the remaining survivors huddle together. A few get bitten and turn. Some splatter kills in-between. Remind me again of what exactly is 'groundbreaking' about this.
0.75 ...a breath of fresh air amidst the relentless deluge of watered-down, teen-oriented cash grabs and remakes.
0.3 30 Days of Night amounts to two hours of missed opportunities.
0.625 A frightening genre offering, raising the bar on raising the dead.
0.875 30 Days of Night sparks with crackling energy. It's a symphony of shocks.
0.375 The same conflict over and over is not frightening. Once it collapses under the weight of its own preposterousness and lack of suspense, it doesn't matter how many cool-looking vampires screech like feral beasts- the movie has already lost all its blood.
0.6 30 Days hangs on a pretty cool conceit.
0.5 This high-concept vampire film suffers from a disappointingly low-concept approach.
0.8 This is a full-on, non-stop horror film. You're either on the bus or off the bus. But if you are on, you're hanging on with both hands and your hair flying back for the better part of the movie.
0.7 This is a gory, nasty movie that never gives its characters or its audience a moment's rest.
0.6 Hartnett has the same empty, mildly worried look in his eyes all the time, whether or not he's a vampire.
0.375 The film moves from truly creepy to truly inane.
0.75 These vamps could use stakes as toothpicks and garlic as garnish on their meals of human flesh. Their only weaknesses are a well-swung ax to the jugular and sunlight. Much like Larry King.
0.5 During bad movies my mind often drifts toward better ones, which explains why 30 Days of Night reminded me of High Noon.
0.5 The script is simple stuff, simpler than the graphic novel, which at least managed to devote a page or two to the vampires' back story.
0.333333333333 Despite the clever twist of fighting vampires with an ultraviolet lamp (good thing grandma grew pot), this horror-flick fondue settles into an extended cat-and-mouse sequence dotted with the occasional dollop of gore.
0.2 more likely to induce a coma than a nightmare
0.5 Doomed to have its best scenes mistakenly remembered as parts of better movies.
0.4 [A] turd covered in tasty Ghirardelli chocolate - as soon as you sink your teeth in you know you've got mouthful of sweetened sh*t.
0.6 Commendable for its daring, unconventional vision of vampires, but its erratic pacing makes it a jarring experience that's hard to adjust to.
0.5 Pushes things into violent, hardcore territory all too similar to Danny Boyle's zombie-outbreak flick 28 Days Later and its 2007 sequel.
0.9 David Slade hasn't revolutionized the vampire genre, but he may make you wet your pants.
0.8 no amount of desensitization can prepare you for David Slade's chilling vampiric bloodbath. 30 Days of Night is relentlessly brutal horror with nary a comedic wisecracker in sight.
1.0 30 Days of Night grabs this hoary monster by the throat, pumps it full of the thick rich blood of life, and shoves it out to greet you, eat you, and coat you in glorious mists of red firing from oh-so-many newly exposed arterial sprays.
0.3 Dylan Dog: Dead Of Night is a fun comedy/horror whodunnit with a supernatural twist. It delivers plenty of movie fun too, just like those campy 80's monster flicks.
0.4 Fun performances from Routh and Huntington can't make up for an extremely convoluted and mostly soulless story -- even when there's a giant zombie running around.
0.4 A pointless, very loose adaptation of the popular Italian comic that plays like a bad episode of Buffy.
0.6 Dylan Dog works best when it has fun with P.I. conventions; when the monsters take over, it goes downhill.
0.25 The movie wants to be a combination film noir and horror comedy, but the timing is all off and the performances are flat across the board.
0.6 the whole shebang plays out like a twisted Murder She Wrote episode
0.5 ...a disappointingly lifeless adaptation...
0.0 Entirely derivative and utterly wretched.
0.1 There's one fight scene involving a rope and a pulley that briefly lifts the general torpor, but as soon as that's over, it's back to snoozeville.
0.0 Everybody else will have a better time revisiting Monster Squad or falling asleep.
0.1 Even if the whole vampires vs. werewolves thing hadn't already been done to un-death by True Blood and the Twilight and Underworld franchises, Dylan Dog would still be a crushingly dull 107 minutes.
0.4 For having such an inspired start, the movie feels oddly uninspired.
0.3 Director Munroe is clearly a fan and attempted his best on an admittedly limited budget, but some things just don't translate that well.
0.4 The story is even staler (and the production cheesier) than the jokes ...
0.4 It's not so much that Dylan Dog is bad -- certainly nowhere near as bad as is being claimed -- it's that it's so completely inconsequential.
0.3 Out of nowhere comes Brandon Routh and into nowhere he returns.
0.4 If you are looking for a great horror comedy as a quick fix, check out THE FRIGHTENERS, BEETLEJUICE or even the cinematic take on BUFFY THE VAMPIRE SLAYER, you'll be a happier and healthier person for it.
0.3 Anne Rice meets R.L. Stine. No, that's not a compliment.
0.3 In the future, filmmakers will once again produce fun, entertaining and original films about vampires, werewolves and zombies. But until then, Dylan Dog: Dead of Night argues for a moratorium on movies about these three terrible creatures.
0.5 While he's fine playing bemused and beleaguered, Routh can't muster the edginess that Dylan is also meant to have. Diggs looks fabulous, but has his own problems with the dangerous stuff.
0.5 has the overriding sense of going through the motions, with only a few moments of genuinely effective humor
0.25 With terrible acting, a narrative on autopilot and chaotic blurs passing for action scenes, it's a direct-to-DVD caliber sojourn through the dregs of comic book adaptation.
0.3 Brings vampires, werewolves, zombies, detective noir and spoofy comedy together for a murky genre gumbo with barely any flavor.
0.5 Don't worry if you're not familiar with the obscure source material. There are plenty of other sources of disappointment to be found in director Kevin Munroe's B-movie mess.
0.25 As the title character, Routh has to carry the movie with bravado and charm, appearing in most every scene, narrating in the style of a hundred film noir private eyes. And he just doesn't have it.
0.5 ...suffers from many of the same problems that one tends to associate with low-budget efforts of this ilk...
0.7 The human element of the film has a warped tone that makes the whole thing far more interesting than its mummy attacks would suggest.
1.0 one of the best remakes ever
0.6 It was always going to be hard to better Don Siegel's 1956 classic, and if director Philip Kaufman doesn't quite succeed, he does manage to summon up an equally chilling air of paranoia.
0.875 This terrific remake never lets the audience forget that it should be frightened.
0.9 Very entertaining, and despite the by now over familiar-plot, pleasantly suspenseful.
1.0 one of the great sci-fi horrorshows, a movie that gooses you with its premise, makes you laugh and jump, and ultimately leaves you with something you can't quite shake
0.8 On top of being an engrossing conspiracy thriller in step with the gritty urban tales of the time, the Invasion of the Body Snatchers is also a genuinely creepy film which slyly suggests there is something sinister beneath the surface.
0.9 If not quite as great as its predecessor, still a pretty damn fine genre picture.
1.0 A superior sci-fi thriller that makes even raindrops, plants and electrical cords take on sinister life.
0.625 The film collapses midway -- because of unsure and sloppy direction, splintered story continuity, and the overacting of Adams, Cartwright, and others.
0.8 Not as terrifying as the original, but still a shocker.
0.875 A cerebral and suspenseful film of foreboding atmosphere. On a short list of truly outstanding remakes.
0.8 utterly chilling
0.6 Scary at the time, campy fun now
0.8 Inspired remake of 1950s classic
0.8 Good remake of the 1956 film with direction that bogs in superfluous touches.
0.8 Ending still freaks me out. I'm serious, even twenty-five years later. Stop laughing at me.
1.0 This will read less like a review and more like a valentine, but this is a very, very special film, a forgotten classic of the '70s cinema.
0.8 The dog with a human head rocks!
0.91 ...what if the mask of your neighbor tilts for a second and you catch a glimpse of the riot going on behind his face?
0.6 Deve ser encarado como aquilo que realmente e: um terrorzinho-ficcao cientifica descomprometido com a logica e preocupado em manter o publico acordado por 2 horas.
1.0 The screenplay by W.D. Richter builds at a deliberate pace, and within the first half hour we're already disturbed by the almost imperceptible behavior of those who have been snatched.
0.8 [Kaufman] weaves an increasingly sinister cityscape through prowling camerawork and a highly effective stereo score.
0.875 Personally I think this version to be superior to the original and to be much underrated by both critics and audiences.
0.8 For once, a great remake, smartly executed. Great performances and a killing ending that will stay with you forever can't hurt, either.
0.5 The first Universal mummy movie that's not really worth it.
0.4 A B-programmer sequel and how come no one ever thinks to just outrun that slow-moving, one-armed stalker!
0.7 The Mummy's Tomb is perhaps the most economical film Universal ever turned out.
0.4 I know mummies are supposed to be dusty, but...
0.64 This sequel of a sequel dilutes the earlier film's successful formula of comedy, adventure and action.
0.6 Stock your bar and put in your IUD, because this hilariously over-the-top Rosemary's Baby knockoff wants to get you pregnant with its ridiculous brilliance.
0.5 It could be pretty creepy ... if it weren't so darn stupid.
0.375 Somehow, you can't help but feel vampires deserve better.
0.4 Rather than create an innovative style to complement the horror-history hybrid, he employs superhero cliches and hackneyed action scenes that only help distract from the ineffectiveness of the film's scant 3-D effects.
0.5 If you thought the American Civil War was about ending slavery, you're in for a rude surprise.
0.5 As a tongue-in-cheek action mashup, Grahame-Smith and Bekmambetov have, for the most part, delivered an entertaining (albeit campy) historical retelling.
0.2 A rancid hot pot of over-caffeinated action, choppy editing, self-importance and retarded scripting, Lincoln is the worst blockbuster in recent memory...
0.5 Frankly, if it gets kids talking about history again, Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter succeeds where a lot of other films stumble-and even if it's kind of a lame duck, there's still a lot of dignity in that.
0.5 What you get with "Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter" is an interesting concept that has a number of structural problems.
0.35 Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter doesn't even come close to living up to the fun, silly nature of its premise. The film is a dull, humorless, ugly-looking slog.
0.3 With the most preposterous of plots, one would expect "Lincoln" to be funny, but it's not. It takes itself as seriously as a disease, and therein lies the biggest problem with this film.
0.6 completely ludicrous but fun.
0.85 While the film eventually feels a little exhausting, particularly in the protracted but impressive finale, it works as well as this material possibly could.
0.2 Bekmambetov knows his way around supernatural movies very well but he just doesn't seem to have the sense of humour needed for this one.
0.6 The most important thing about enjoyably trashy, title-says-it-all action films such as Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter is to keep everything moving so fast and on such a huge scale that nobody will care too much about how monumentally silly it all is.
0.5 Uses cues from the life of the former US President and builds an unwieldy supernatural story on top of it.
0.6 AL:VH is easy to dismiss and equally as easy to forget, but it does what it does well.
0.4 Sounds like it was pitched at the tail-end of a particularly cynical, three-day, coke-fuelled marketing strategy session in between Transformers with Boobs and The Voice: The Movie...
0.7 What makes Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter so enjoyable is the extent it abandons so many established rules not just in terms of history and genre, but also physics.
0.8 Other than not knowing what's going on when the action gets heavy, "Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter" is fairly outstanding. It's downright ridiculous at times and extremely outrageous to its core, but is unbelievably entertaining from beginning to end.
0.625 The Great Emancipator becomes a pretty great decapitator in this ridiculous and entertaining but ultimately exhausting mashup of 19th century American history and 21st century pop trendiness.
0.7 A lot better than I'd expected. In itself, that's not saying all that much since I was prepared for it to be pretty bad.
0.5 ...a missed opportunity that's rarely, if ever, as much fun as its title might've indicated.
0.4 After simply ignoring everything potentially funny and lively, Abraham Lincoln grinds down on its characters, turning them into empty vessels upon which to hang the action sequences.
0.2 No, it's not entertainment; it's garbage.
0.75 Lincoln a Bloody Alternate History Lesson
0.75 If there's anything more radical and outrageous than the very title and concept, it's how focused and committed director Timur Bekmambetov and writer Seth Grahame-Smith are to its execution.
0.375 Intriguing title the most interesting thing about Abraham Lincoln Vampire Hunter
0.25 Lacking cleverness and imagination, the film merely fuses Lincoln's and the Civil War's historical outlines with horror-, martial arts- and action-movie cliches.
0.5 while the fantastically warped nature of the premise would seem to promise bloody good fun, the film turns out to be a rather dreary, overly serious slog through the all-too-familiar elements of modern action and horror genres
0.625 Some good effects, but takes its potentially amusing premise way too seriously.
0.4 This one needed to have a sense of humor.
0.5 Mixing vampires with Abraham Lincoln never works in this action movie.
0.75 The movie works because the story outside the vampire zone sweet spot is played straight and with some heart.
0.5 Even for those looking for crazy fun, I think they'll be disappointed with how serious, and how much of Lincoln's life is actually included in this mashup.
0.26 [It] states the moronic what-if that serves as its central conceit right in its title, but even that is unlikely to prepare you for the turgid mess that it delivers.
0.375 ... a monotonous, knuckle-headed fusion of Bram Stoker's 'Dracula' and John Ford's 'Young Mr. Lincoln' ... the action is more stultifying than suspenseful, more cartoonish than cathartic.
0.4 Ridiculous and revisionist, redeemed only by Bekmambetov's inventive, R-rated action sequences, particularly the CGI horse stampede.
0.7 With its outrageous premise of turning Honest Abe into a slayer of the undead, one would expect to see the president snuffing out vamps in astounding ways. To this end, and as pure, thrill-ride entertainment, the movie certainly delivers.
0.5 Not nearly as much fun as it sounds.
0.6 If you are going to re-imagine the 16th president of the United States as a vampire hunter, go big or go home. "Abraham Lincoln, Vampire Hunter" has chosen the former.
0.1 Reminds me of the Star Wars prequels... Vampire powers and limitations seem to work a lot like the Jedi...it depends on what's convenient for the plot at any given moment.
0.375 This Lincoln, as portrayed by Benjamin Walker, is as stiff as the sculpture honoring him at his memorial in Washington, D.C. Walker fails to instill any vitality or zest into his Lincoln. His Abe is one dimensional and humorless.
0.625 The movie may not totally succeed in what it wants to do, but neither should it be dismissed.
0.5 If you see Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter and expect brilliant filmmaking, cogent storytelling or a serious examination of American history, you're an idiot.
0.8 As played by Walker, Abe is a 19th Century Bruce Wayne or Clark Kent, his mild demeanor a mask for a man of strength.
0.7 Of course it's ridiculous and tasteless and grotesque. It's ABRAHAM LINCOLN, VAMPIRE HUNTER.
0.4 Vampire Hunter will appeal to people who want to see graphic deaths and a bit of neck-nibbling, but it's a disjointed action adventure and a total no-hoper as a film of any historical significance.
0.5 The disconnect between intention and final product is a head scratcher.
0.3 The execution is neither serious or jokey enough to make the movie palatable - a near impossible result for a movie with that title.
0.8 It's crazier than an antebellum bedbug, but Abraham Lincoln, Vampire Hunter is one of Summer 2012's definite sleepers.
0.2 The Great Emancipator as the Great Decapitator makes for just so much B-movie schlock.
0.7 The upside: the vampires really suck and the movie doesn't.
0.25 A B movie treated like an A movie that mostly ends up being a zzzzzzzzzz movie.
0.375 This film should be campy fun, but in Bekmambetov's unsteady hands, it feels laboured and unsatisfying.
0.7 It's sad to say, but in a summer awash with sequels and reboots, a movie that is both effective and original is a rare treat, no matter how many history teachers it pushes into early retirement.
0.5 How goes this particular Nosfera-tour? Sadly, this new-fang-led premise gives great visuals, but takes itself so seriously, we don't get the fun that the title promises.
0.4 It's rather a shame that yawning voids occupy the places where we usually expect to find characters.
0.72 What you wouldn't expect is for a film where Abraham Lincoln uses a silver-tipped axe to chop of vampires head to be played straight. Well, as straight as an action film featuring a Civil War jam packed with vampires can be.
0.625 There's a conceptual flaw here: the actual details of Lincoln's life were so fascinating, filled with such drama, that there's no need to make him a vampire hunter at all.
0.75 In a movie that promises to be about little more than Abraham Lincoln and Vampire Hunting, having Mr. Walker deliver a performance that exceeds those expectations is -- to some small, ironic degree -- liberating.
0.8 Is Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter a great bad movie or a bad great movie?
0.65 If you're even remotely considering buying a ticket to see Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter, then you're a prime candidate to enjoy it.
0.6 Works best when Bekmambetov is let off the leash, and goes WAY over the top. Worth seeing as long as you go in with the right frame of mind.
0.4 The grave tone makes it stiff and leaden, the digi-saturated look is a turn-off. Damnable and disordered.
0.5 It's sort of like a very special slavery-themed episode of Aqua Teen Hunger Force.
0.5 It relies solely on the gimmick that it's funny to have an ex-President using a silver-coated axe to fight mythical creatures. There's nothing else there.
0.2 "Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter" is essentially the most expensive Troma movie ever made, lacking the quiet dignity, cohesive plotting or the shot of a flipping car
0.37 Reimagining Abraham Lincoln as a forefather to Buffy the Vampire Slayer is a rather nifty idea. Unfortunately, Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter, doesn't fully sink its teeth into its fun premise.
0.375 The trouble with the so-called high-concept film is that too often the concept is the best thing about it and the actual movie essentially a series of rather rote, progressively more tiresome variations on its premise.
0.6 The result is a movie that seems more in service to its premise than to a good story. But hey, it's different.
0.0 Don't let the stupid title dissuade you from seeing "Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter." Let the stupid plot, the stupid history, the stupid action scenes, the stupid trivializing of slavery . . .
0.6 This has enough vamps being decapitated to keep you interested but isn't as gloriously silly as the title.
0.6 For the most part Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter is loud, fast and crunchy - and I suspect it's going to slay audiences at the box office.
0.625 Both terribly silly and a lot of fun.
0.75 An insanely absurd fun mash up of horror and history that manages to be simultaneously brilliant and ridiculous.
0.625 This almost works, but the script isn't realized enough to be fully satisfying. It all looks cool and dandy, but it's cold blooded.
0.5 Apart from [two action] scenes and the initial setup, Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter becomes repetitive.
0.8 If ever there was an "either you're in or out" movie in 2012, it's definitely this one and if you're in, it just might be the most satisfyingly guilty pleasure of the year.
0.1 Not to sound like a stick in the mud, but Abraham Lincoln was a great and noble man. He deserves better that this.
0.4 This movie is even sillier than I thought it would be. You talk about shark-jumping, fridge-nuking. I have a new one for you, horse leaping! Once that happens, that's when it goes off the rails and begins it's descent into Movie Hell
0.5 Starting well and culminating in a lackluster second half, it is far too streamlined and spotty to satisfy as anything more than a pulpy slice of summer movie inconsequence.
0.4 This movie just made Steven Spielberg's life easier because his Lincoln biopic coming out in December wil definitely be the better of these two films. This could have been fun, it never settles in what it wants to be and ultimately fails.
0.4 This is hokum on a grand scale, though it's emotionally cold and gets tiresomely repetitive, with scores of vampires baring their fangs before decapitation.
0.5 The result is a film that feels more like the ridiculous Will Smith Wild Wild West and less like Bekmambetov's clever Night Watch.
0.0 [Bekmambetov's] name above the credits is fair warning; shame on me for not heeding it.
0.75 Walker is a tall, lean guy with a big hat who can swing an ax. What else can be said?
0.4 It's not every day you see a movie and ask yourself, "Why does this thing even exist?"
0.625 Despite its factual dismemberment of the movie's namesake, Hunter bristles as summer action fodder. Honest.
0.8 Rare is a film this silly that's also this quietly clever.
0.25 Here is the worst thing to happen to Abe Lincoln in a theater since he attended "Our American Cousin."
0.4 Given the subject matter, an exercise in delicacy and restraint was unlikely, but it's too bad that the film's concept is way more entertaining than what has ended up on-screen.
0.4 "Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter" is such a smashing title it's too bad someone had to spoil things by making a movie to go with it.
0.6 Your mileage, as with any movie crammed with unintentional laughter, may vary, but there are performances and some spectacular fight choreography that ought to keep anyone's interest.
0.35 To say that it's an exercise in style over substance is perhaps an overstatement, in that it suggests there's any substance here at all.
0.625 With a title like this, don't expect a PBS documentary.
0.6 Bekmambetov directs with gusto, and the forthright absurdity of the story, combined with its weirdly heartfelt self-belief is winning.
0.2 This insipid mashup of history lesson and monster flick takes itself semi-seriously, which is truly deadly.
0.8 It's exciting, witty and very well-cast with some memorable set-pieces and a tight, suspenseful plot.
0.375 The acrobatic repetition bores you breathless. Spare Benjamin Walker, who deserves to go on to better things. But the movie deserves a stake through the heart.
0.7 Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter has heart to spare, and the occasional silvered bayonet to run it through.
0.625 Most filmmakers would render this "Road Warrior"-style finale with a little wink and nudge, but Bekmambetov chooses to stare down the material. It straddles his Civil War tale between Chancellorsville and Cartoon Land.
0.875 "Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter" is a blast, the best action movie of the summer.
0.2 It constitutes a moral sin, if not an outright moral crime, and commits a grave insult against history.
0.4 The problem with movies based on a single joke is that a single joke is rarely funny enough to sustain the running time of a feature-length film. And with "Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter," the whole joke is in the title.
0.625 Timor Bekmambetov doesn't need to make his material overtly wink at the audience because his conceit is itself enough of an obvious dim-bulb joke.
0.625 The concept of Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter is worthy of a good chuckle or two, but the execution proves that sometimes a clever title does not beget a production of equal value.
0.25 It's a sin against entertainment.
0.4 When 3D dust-motes and train-engine sparks are the most tempting things to look at, something has failed.
0.6 A strange mash-up that doesn't entirely work but offers enough entertainment value that it never feels like a complete waste of time either.
0.0 It is the best title of the year and will almost certainly be the worst movie.
0.6 While the character development & screenplay are a complete mess, ALVH, at times, is an incredibly interesting movie [with] some brilliant CGI work & incredible choreography..
0.5 There's no getting around the fact that this is a straight-faced drama that feels like it should be a satirical comedy/adventure. And as Lincoln himself observed, a movie divided against itself cannot stand.
0.375 "History prefers legends to men," Abe narrates from his diary. Writer, director and star have conspired to give us none of the above - not the history, not a compelling legend, and certainly not Lincoln the man.
0.4 Some of Bekmambetov's action sequences are spectacular as you would expect, but they are also wholly lacking in any sense of peril or jeopardy.
0.5 It's not nearly as snappy or campy as it should be-though its self-seriousness is its own kind of entertainment.
0.5 It sounds fun. It's a little fun. For a while. But Bekmanbetov shoots every killing spree like an addled gamer, working that slow-down-speed-up kill-shot cliche like a maniac.
0.25 Enormous in its scope and colossal in its stupidity.
0.4 The giddy fun implied by that preposterous moniker is missing in this almost entirely humourless affair.
0.25 Where does it end? Franklin D. Roosevelt: Phone Sex Operator? Rosa Parks: Breakdance Champion? It's much more fun to come up with these idiotic concepts than to watch them.
0.375 Walker's face is soft, bland, unremarkable. His acting, likewise.
0.75 A more entertaining movie than I remotely expected.
0.4 An adaptation of a textbook would at least have been more educational.
0.375 What ideally might have been playful and knowing is instead uptight and dreary, with a visual scheme that's so fake and cartoony, it depletes the film of any sense of danger.
0.5 "Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter," which boasts one of the best film titles ever, just grazes its target.
0.4 Essentially a lot of balls.
0.8 The premise may be pretty ridiculous, but this movie surprises by actually making sense.
0.4 The appallingly self-serious Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter is stylised to death and lacks the subversion needed to support its inspired premise.
0.8 Move over, Twilight. This is a vamp flick with teeth.
0.4 Arrive two hours late for Bekmambetov's overcooked noise generator and you'll have a fantastic night.
0.55 Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter's heart may be in the right place -- and any film that makes people interested in reading up on the real Lincoln must be commended -- but overall the film is, ironically, bloodless.
0.2 An amateur moviemaker certainly doesn't need to be Hitchcock to make a fun movie, but they should certainly aim higher than being the next Bert I. Gordon.
0.2 One of the worst movies I've ever seen -- if not the worst movie ever made.
0.75 If you've seen your share of teenagers getting sliced and diced out in the boondocks, chances are you'll be tickled pink by this tale of a couple of good-natured bumpkins who are mistaken for serial murderers.
0.8 Tucker and Dale vs Evil is deliciously fun satire -- and, once all the blood has been spilt, offers an interesting riff on the line between hero and horror villain.
0.875 ... a far-fetched but bloody fun film that doesn't talk down to its target audience so much as it celebrates fans of the genre.
0.7 I doubt that anyone who isn't well familiar with slasher movie tropes will completely understand all the jokes... but they should at least get a couple laughs out of it.
0.5 By the time the action-packed, thoroughly tedious climax rolls around, Tucker and Dale Vs. Evil has established itself as a missed opportunity of disappointingly epic proportions...
0.49 This goofy, over-the-top tale of college students on a camping trip warring with two local West Virginia hillbillies lacks a core identity.
0.75 Beginning psychologists take note - hillbillies and college kids may kill each other, but the greatest assets in maintaining the peace, on both sides, are hot coeds.
0.75 Film fans who believe there's no way they could ever cheer for rednecks (a lifetime of Deliverance and The Texas Chain Saw Massacre will do that to a person) will sheepishly smirk as they find themselves rooting for the rubes holding center stage here.
0.8 Clever horror/comedy hybrid of the kind that Sam Raimi used to make and that so many have tried to produce in recent years but have fallen remarkably flat. There's nothing flat about this clever genre flick. For the right audience, it's pretty great.
0.625 The final acts of Tucker and Dale vs Evil find the movie falling into the trap of using the same conventions ... it so jovially and brutally skewers prior.
0.75 Students of the Little Movie Glossary may find it funny how carefully "Tucker and Dale" works its way through upended cliches.
0.75 One of the more enjoyable horror-comedies to come along since the original Scream.
0.8 a mordant comedy of errors that juggles the cliches of its genre with a buoyant impudence. And blood. A whole lot of blood.
0.87 Gently subversive and disarmingly good-natured ...
0.7 While it's not quite a home run, there's a lot to enjoy about Tucker & Dale vs. Evil. It's got its heart in the right place, and hey, it's just nice to root for the hillbillies for once in this scenario!
0.8 From the very first moment we understand where Tucker & Dale vs. Evil is going, the smiling starts
0.7 This is one of those rare genre comedies that near-perfectly balances its blend of grue, guffaws, and gag reflexes.
0.83 It's an easy crowd pleaser with its humor, heart and guts.
0.8 The movie takes this idea and runs all the way with it, allowing audiences to catch on at their own pace.
0.75 There's even a message under all the body parts: People are individuals, not just easy regional stereotypes.
0.25 Essentially a student film offering nothing but absurdly contrived coincidence.
0.875 We see a script and some underexposed actors who were lucky to find each other.
0.625 It's not as clever as, say, "Shaun of the Dead," but it's good for some laughs.
0.78 Uses its reversal of the standard roles in rural horror to fantastic comedic effect.
0.75 It thrives on Tucker and Dale's winning personalities, and the chemistry so evident in the shrewd coupling of Tudyk and Labine, veteran performers who rarely enjoy top billing but make the most of it here.
0.8 A droll sendup of the killer-in-the-swamp genre that gets funnier as it rolls along.
0.75 Relying mostly on a single gimmick, the slasher comedy presents a high degree of difficulty for both the director and actors. Their earnest efforts keep the repetition from becoming ponderous.
0.75 It's fast, it's funny, and it works.
0.5 Few things are more annoying than a movie that doesn't stick to its over-the-top convictions.
0.7 A farce of misunderstanding first, body-count nightmare second and at nearly all times a refreshingly upending horror-comedy bromance.
0.6 a hillbilly Ren & Stimpy
0.75 Hillbillies of the world unite!
0.6 If you're seeing this as the midnight movie it's destined to best be experienced as, you could safely drift off after the 45-minute mark...
0.75 Tucker & Dale vs. Evil is a Canadian-made horror spoof that delivers both comedy and gross-out thrills.
0.8 While its subversion of the well-worn "hillbilly horror" genre may be a one-note gag, that note is played pretty durn well. A clever, bloody, and unexpectedly sweet romp.
0.7 It's a sometimes-hilarious send-up of slasher movies that buries a surprising amount of sweetness under buckets of gore.
0.5 An allegory of our times, with a belabored message of tolerance punctuated by impalings and other grisly deaths.
0.2 It's neither particularly funny in its desperate rural dumbness, nor is it much of a genre piss-take.
0.7 ... deft/daft mix of authentic feeling and sharp parody, belly laughs and visceral dread, makes Tucker & Dale vs. Evil a keeper...
0.375 "Evil" fails to triumph. Utterly.
0.625 This subversion of The Texas Chainsaw Massacre and Wrong Turn tropes is reasonably clever and delivered with requisite tongue in cheek.
0.6 A neat reversal of the kids-in-the-wood genre that's genuinely funny - and quite bloody as it turns out.
0.625 Make no mistake, "Tucker & Dale vs. Evil" is a total lark, yet it's also very clever. Real thought and ingenuity were brought to its making, and it shows.
0.8 As with most single-joke movies the plot runs out of steam, but it's still a fun and memorable ride.
0.8 Topsy-turvy hoot delivering a grim and confident fiasco full of clever contradictions and a couple of likeable champions of the hour in Tucker and Dale
0.6 It's a good joke, but one that inevitably flags over 90 minutes.
0.8 Smartly directed, brilliantly written and featuring a pair of terrific comic performances from its two leads, this is a thoroughly enjoyable comedy-horror that's laugh-out-loud funny from start to finish.
0.6 Tucker & Dale vs Evil feels as if it knows exactly what it wants to be - a throwaway Friday night horror film with enough laughs to balance the gore.
0.8 An instant cult smash, get Tucker & Dale facing against the Wolfman, Bubba Hotep or Alien (or Predator) immediately.
0.8 Genuinely funny. A life lesson in never prejudging a man just because he's skinning a squirrel.
0.6 Genre staples and stereotypes are slain only for convention to wreak revenge; but it'd sure be sweet to follow the loveable lugs on another misadventure.
0.5 Despite its crowd-pleasing nature, Tucker & Dale remains overly broad and one-note throughout
0.6 Tucker and Dale vs Evil, much like the titular characters, is daft and doesn't much care for subtlety, but smart horror fans will laugh their way through this well-acted, subversive horror-comedy.
0.6 A razor-sharp homage fueled by a clever script and hilarious performances from its stars.
0.7 Has way more than the average serving of laughs out loud, and even has a few of those laughs that go on and on, that hurt your gut.
0.6 Tucker and Dale isn't a spoof of the genre it's parodying (in this case, hillbilly slasher movies like Wrong Turn), but rather a razor-sharp homage fueled by a clever script and hilarious performances from its stars.
0.85 Surprise, it works.
0.8 There's nothing wrong with a one-joke horror/comedy -- provided you keep the joke spinning for 90 minutes. This flick (somehow) does.
0.8 Eli Craig's feature debut celebrates genre conventions while turning the traditional view of horror-movie heroes and villains upside down.
0.8 Great hillbilly horror comedy!
0.8 As a chilly tale of a young woman striving to escape her family and her claustrophobic small town, it succeeds on its own merits.
0.5 When Animals Dream is a cold and understated Scandinavian werewolf movie that doesn't quite stick the landing.
0.9 Director Jonas Alexander Arnby has made another excellent contribution to Denmark's soft parade of horror.
0.4 A colossal mess, which is not at all as dispiriting as those remakes of classic horror which are just empty, shallow exercises in genre mechanics.
0.0 All setup and no payoff makes this a dull film.
0.1 Neither horror, nor comedy. It's barely even a movie...
0.5 Black Christmas works best as a campy deconstruction of the genre than it does as a horror film.
0.7 this reimagining showcases with encyclopaedic relish just about every slasher convention and variation that has evolved over the last thirty or so years since the original Black Christmas screened.
0.125 Shockingly awful in every way imaginable...
0.4 The fans will dig the brief-yet-nasty FX work, but they'll have to slog through a pretty tiresome movie just to get their hands on those nuggets.
0.4 full review in Greek
0.25 Glen Morgan's update of Bob Clark's 1974 slasher flick Black Christmas is an exemplar of how to screw up a modern horror film remake.
0.5 Just another slasher flick that stopped off at the theater on its way to the $5.50 dump bin at Wal-Mart.
0.5 Director Glen Morgan has a nice pictorial sense and a flair for ghoulish caricature, but the film is muddled and choppy.
0.4 One for real horror-buffs only.
0.4 Despite some admirably gory bits, this is a disappointing horror remake that's neither as scary nor as funny as it thinks it is.
0.6 Although this is a more standard horror film, the tone is witty and gleefully grisly.
0.25 Unfortunately for those hoping for shower scenes and other R-rated shenanigans, there's only one and it's pretty lame.
0.6 The result's an undemanding multiplex filler -- a ho-ho-horror movie that knows it's the season to be jolly.
0.8 the most audacious and unlikely great horror movie in years!
0.5 A surprisingly memorable creepfest that fleshes out the characters' backstories while adding a heaping helping of blacker-than-pitch humor to the proceedings.
0.25 Creativity is a stranger to this sick excuse for entertainment, which pounds a ridiculous back story into a butchered rehash that includes incest, cannibalism, eyeball gouging and impossibly dumb plot contrivances.
0.125 Oh, how painfully incompetent this movie is.
0.125 What would Christmas be without the release of a lackluster horror movie?
0.2 This movie serves up a bland, interchangeable mix of victims. Because the sitting ducks don't display any personality, it's hard to get worked up about their fate.
0.25 Connoisseurs of trashy moviemaking are left with a bland slasher film, filled with a bad guy who lacks menace, a script that lacks humor and several hot young characters who have the nerve to go throughout the picture without taking their clothes off.
0.1 It's one of the least original serial killer flicks of the decade.
0.3 'Tis the season to enjoy some bloodshed with your eggnog, right? Not in this case.
0.375 Morgan borrows Christmas-specific nastiness from a wide range of fright flicks, but the result is less than the sum of its parts.
0.1 Glen Morgan's disastrous remake smothers terror beneath a blanket of unnecessary information, revealing too much and teasing too little.
0.375 Where the first film was a seminal forerunner of early stalker classics like Halloween, this version feels as stale as old gingerbread.
0.375 Silly, obvious, clumsy, and just gruesome enough to keep jaded genre fans from angrily throwing popcorn at the screen.
0.875 Morgan's gleeful desire to shock the audience both with the gore and the perverse backstory is delightfully infectious.
0.5 For me, this was one of the best horror movies of the year, which sounds glowing until you consider the competition.
0.2 Like an ugly tie or a pair of slipper socks, Black Christmas is destined to be forgotten the instant it's unwrapped, gathering dust until the season rolls around again.
0.3 an R-rated misfire from beginning to end
0.375 Dumbed-down, unscary hokum without a clue how to ratchet up a person's heartbeat.
0.5 Who needs Scrooge or the Grinch to ruin your holiday cheer when you have tired horror rehashes like this one?
0.25 Lazy, perfunctory and free of tension, the new version will satisfy neither the admirers of the original nor anyone looking for a gory respite from seasonal good cheer.
0.2 Bad film fans will think Christmas has come early, everyone else should ask for the receipt.
0.5 ...the film is, in the final analysis, simply unable to live up to the better-than-average standard set by its superior predecessor.
0.6 Dark Days is hardly mediocre, but barely interesting; lacking a solid hook like the first film.
0.5 A clever vampire concept devolves into another chintzy 'Blade' knock-off.
0.49 Several horror scenes, notably those not involving Dracula himself, are genuinely creepy.
0.6 This is sort of a Saturday Night Fever version of the story with a stylish, afro'ed Langella walking around with an open shirt looking for girls to take to his Castle Disco.
0.8 Granted, it's staged and composed like Masterpiece Theatre.
0.875 The casting is right on target and the atmosphere fittingly eerie in director John Badham's suspenseful, handsomely-mounted 1979 version.
0.4 Nice production values, but that's about it
0.5 Just doesn't fly.
0.4 Stephen King pits kids vs. killer clown from hell.
0.6 The first half is terrifying -- or was when I was younger. The second half has a bad special effect spider.
0.62 Too vanilla, too banal and too earnest to do the source material any justice.
0.8 Effective TV adaptation of King's novel
0.6 Top-Calibre horror
0.6 As made-for-TV horror, it lacks real bite, but still has a fine unsettling atmosphere. And let's face it: clowns are REALLY scary.
0.6 Certainly Julia Roberts' strangest role, and she does an OK job.
0.375 [Roberts's] acting is of the Melrose Place/Andrew Shue variety, her eyes blank and mouth often agape (not unlike the photo of her used in the print ads).
0.2 If nothing else, proves that when you take Julia's lipstick away, much of her appeal goes, too.
0.8 Julia Roberts' performance was justly mocked, but the remainder of the film may be the most faithful version of Jekyll and Hyde ever made.
0.5 Dreary, stagy and dull.
0.5 The film is too mannered, too stuffy.
0.4 Is it a gothic horror? Is it a psychological thriller? Is it a love story? Ultimately, it seems the filmmakers don't even know the answer, and as a result Mary Reilly doesn't succeed in any genre.
0.8 Um filme intrigante.
0.66 Who would have thought that a movie directed by the talented Stephen Frears and featuring capable acting by John Malkovich and a decidedly un-perky and un-made-up Julia Roberts would fall off the tracks and fail?
0.2 Sluggish and interminable, Mary Reilly makes good on little of its potential to be disturbing and none of its chance to be emotionally involving.
0.25 With the exception of a couple of inspired moments, Mary Reilly is merely a curious variation of an often-told story.
0.5 A perversely courageous disaster that audiences will simply hate.
0.75 Mary Reilly works as Gothic melodrama because it understands the genre so well.
0.625 Those expecting a traditional horror film may be disappointed. However, for those with an open mind, and a taste for the eerie, Mary Reilly may well be one to watch.
0.8 Mary Reilly will undoubtedly leave many people cold, but I snuggled into its bleakness.
0.4 As a study of repression, Mary Reilly has some great moments, but it seems director Stephen Frears was aiming for intense and brooding, and boring is what he got.
0.125 My distaste for the movie comes not from disliking these scenes, but from being put to sleep by the boredom of the show.
0.5 Unfortunately, your response to the bizarre story of terror and lust that dare not speak their name is pretty well limited to Roberts' response -- which is, in turn, limited by her technique.
0.4 It's a slight, moribund bugaboo, a bump in the night, and then nothing.
0.0 Mary Reilly is Roberts' worst misfire to date, despite the fact that on paper it must have looked awfully good.
0.875 Mary Reilly is haunting, not only because of its foggy, shadowy settings, but because of the questions it encourages us to ask about ourselves and others.
0.8 A chilly, creepy throwback to classic thrillers.
0.8 An outstanding thriller. Penn at the top of his game.
0.6 Will appeal to fans of Sleuth and other movies in this genre.
0.8 A seriously underrated little mystery flick. Give it a shot!
0.2 Chega a impressionar que, em meio a tantos elementos desastrosos, a atuacao de Eliza Dushku (que tambem co-produziu o longa) seja inegavelmente a pior coisa do filme.
0.45 The Alphabet Killer suffers from the same symptoms as Passengers: both have an unintentionally feeble-minded character who lazily investigates a mystery while the plot itself seems dull and poorly developed.
0.5 Although Schmidt and Malloy have devoted meticulous attention to Megan's manhunt, which is engrossing and briskly paced for the better part of 85 minutes, their final act seems less like a canny trick than a copout.
0.5 [Eliza Dushku's] commitment to the material is worthier than the cheesy ghost effects of decomposing children that the filmmakers felt the need to add.
0.4 It's too bad there was no way around the story's inherent deficit since this effectively unsettling film, directed by Rob Schmidt, chugs along quite well for a while.
0.5 I've got a fever, and the only prescription is... more Corey?
0.375 Fans of disembowelment and tits--and c'mon, who isn't?--have reason to check out this "Uncut" version.
0.25 ... derivative. Sadly, the movie we really wanted to see is only hinted at... about thirty seconds into the credits.
0.3 Precisely the cheap-end, cash-grab non-movie I expected it to be. This is insultingly bad.
0.2 It's ridiculous that Warner made this movie, especially because it's obvious that it was made to cash in on the film's title. This in no way shape or form is a LOST BOYS movie, other than the fact that Corey Feldman and Corey Haim cameo...
0.75 It's an effective bit of Hammer horror, boasting the expected atmospherics, period trappings, literary conceits and, yes, buxom beauties.
0.8 Perhaps Hammer's most effectively horrific Dracula movie.
0.6 Another Hammer vampire flick. About average for the series.
0.75 an enjoyably tense sci-fi horrorshow
0.625 Feels more like an obligatory teen slasher than the previous films...but gets the job done.
0.6 Though it is a slasher movie at all points, it's an atypically intelligent example of the form...a quantum leap better than its two immediate predecessors.
0.75 The best of the sequels to Carpenter's seminal slasher movie.
0.6 One of the best chapters of the series...really novel
0.4 Boy, this one's rich.
0.3 It seems the latest stage in some curious evolutionary pattern; the slasher species keeps proliferating and getting weaker at the same time.
0.5 ...[Donald Pleasance's Dr. Loomis] doesn't once refer to Myers as "pure evil," though he does call him "evil on two legs" which is almost as good...
0.4 And in the faint praise department: "Halloween 4" is just a little bit better than most of the sequels that followed.
0.5 The first half of the film is better than any fourth sequel in a slasher flick franchise deserves to be.
0.625 Of all the Halloween sequels, including the irrelevant and unwatchable Halloween III, Halloween 4 stands out as the best of a generally uninspired lot.
0.2 This one comes close to Spielberg's Jaws...alphabetically, that is.
0.4 Composed of seven or eight other films you've already seen before. And not composed especially well.
0.375 Lloyd Dobler and his pals at the Gas 'n Sip would have had a field day mocking a movie like The Factory.
0.6 Features one of the more intriguing horror villains of the past year
0.3 Just shy of torture.
0.625 This is an uneven Halloween addition, but also more ambitious than the norm.
0.3 Completed the transition to full-fledged brainless slasherdom begun in Halloween 4 at at time when the brainless slasher film was at its very worst.
0.0 Frustrating, confusing, loud, and offensive.
0.4 I can see how the hardcore Halloween-heads can find some small nuggets of fun in this particular sequel, but in my eyes the series ended with the explosion in Halloween 2.
0.25 [The film's been infused] with a run-of-the-mill slasher vibe, complete with oversexed teenagers and moronic authority figures.
0.4 a step down on the quality ladder
0.4 A relatively uninspired entry in the Halloween series.
0.4 Weak Halloween entry. Maintains the status quo, no new developments.
0.6 A guilty pleasure...the knife's not blunt yet
0.6 A bit more refined in its details than the conventional horror movie.
0.2 Filming this sequel, the ultimate revenge!
0.5 for most of the running time, one wonders what is the purpose of the movie outside of rehashing old slasher cliches
0.75 ...a surprisingly effective little thriller...
0.5 Visnjic proves he can conceivably carry a movie if given a chance. But he still needs to find one worth his time.
0.5 I'm not sure what attracted such a strong cast to take part in such nonsense, although I wouldn't be surprised if a gently swaying pocket watch was involved.
0.5 This hypno-thriller is a better story than most horror films... but it builds to this big showdown, which turns out to be a letdown.
0.5 ...a hazy and hypnotic surge that more often than not resonates as an atmospheric chiller...this head-tampering frightfest is notably staggering
0.625 Ultimately commits the cardinal sin of never being very frightening.
0.5 The story takes a seriously wrong turn that requires Strother to rush in where anyone -- no matter how skittish or sleep-deprived -- with a lick of common sense would fear to tread.
0.5 An occasionally engaging but more often gruesome British thriller.
0.625 If you can overlook its TV-episode look, occasional lapses in logic and detours into lurid overkill, this old-school psychological thriller, which marries a tracking-the- serial-killer narrative with occult themes, is a creepy diversion.
0.25 May be the worst-directed movie exported by England in this young century.
0.4 The film weaves together a few genre threads only to work them into an impenetrable knot.
0.4 Hypnosis in the movies has always been synonymous with hocus pocus, and the tradition continues in this flashy, mildly tingly British thriller.
0.75 Strong acting and smartly tuned-in directing turn a run-of-the-mill detective story into a striking, sometimes harrowing blend of horror and suspense.
0.75 It's nowhere near innovative, but it scares you as you rarely get scared in movies these days.
0.625 For Visnjic, who is sometimes associated with George Clooney because of the ER hand-off, this is his Out of Sight.
0.5 Charismatic leads and the nature of the life-or-death dilemma keep the tension on, but interest is undermined by unlikely happenings, lapses in logic and glossed-over psychological repercussions that leave one more glazed than mesmerized.
0.4 a ghost story that wants to be more than just a ghost story, but in the process of trying to be a movie that transcends a genre, it insults the genre
0.7 The Awakening glides ghost-like through its story, laying its own elaborate traps along the way.
0.75 The Awakening is a handsome, well-acted thriller with a script that's never cringe-inducing. So why did it sneak its way onto home video with no fanfare?
0.75 [Rebecca Hall] captures Florence's flinty intelligence and the vulnerability that emerges as she slowly discovers the school's dark secrets.
0.75 Though the story spirals a little out of control in the film's final scenes, "The Awakening" offers the low-key pleasures of an old-fashioned thriller and a lovely central performance.
0.5 Whatever.
0.625 Pretty good, but more pretty than good.
0.7 A concise little old-school British ghost story, and I say there's always room for a few more of those.
0.5 The cast is anchored by two wonderful actresses: Imelda Staunton and Rebecca Hall, whose talents are squandered on this lackluster horror drama.
0.4 Exquisite production design and admirable performances can't overcome the lackluster scares.
0.8 Though slightly undone by a twist that demands a grain or two too much credulity on the part of the viewer, it nonetheless triumphs as a tone poem of an unsettled zeitgeist that plays cat-and-mouse with that same viewer right until the very end.
0.7621 A strong, moving performance by Rebecca Hall coupled with an eerie atmosphere thanks to the top-notch cinematography provides enough palpable tension and scares to compensate for its weak, convoluted ending.
0.5 When these sudden surprises work, as in "A Beautiful Mind" or "The Others," you're too stunned to swallow that next handful of popcorn; when they don't, you're tempted to throw your whole box at the screen.
0.5 A dull British import that never lives up to the pretensions of its period setting.
0.75 An enjoyably old-fashioned ghost story in the vein of "The Others" and "The Orphanage."
0.375 "The Awakening" is nonsense, but with its posh British cast and colors drained to near-gray, it's very solemn nonsense.
0.625 Delivers a series of well-chosen jolts and unsettling ideas. Otherwise, gee, it really is quite a lot like countless other pictures that have come before it.
0.5 A lot of tension and buildup leads us to ... well, it's hard to say.
0.4 "The Awakening" takes so many unnecessary twists and turns that the final one, which should be a biggie, ends up feeling inconsequential.
0.4 For all of its airs of refinement, "The Awakening" is pretty stale stuff.
0.7 This is a truly haunting story, beautiful to look at and involving all the atmosphere you can eat.
0.4 This stately chiller owes a lot to 1960s British flicks like "The Innocents" and "The Haunting," but unfortunately heads towards cliches with every step.
0.6 There is nothing in the film that will keep you awake at night. Instead, "The Awakening" works much more subtly, with a profound sense of dread and resignation, a death-obsessed movie given life by Hall's performance.
0.5 It's routine stuff as horror setups go, especially if you've seen such obvious influences as The Orphanage and The Others.
0.25 The film takes pains to ensure that the story feel like laborious toil rather than a trip through the dark side of the ethereal.
0.6 This handsomely made spook story (love those echo-prone hallways!) becomes less involving the more the narrative's mysteries are solved.
0.7 A haunting film and Rebecca Hall's performance is something that sets it apart from other recent ghost story movies, but the ending may leave you more confused than thrilled.
0.6 This is no classic of a notoriously difficult genre, but if you can forgive the silly conclusion, it's still satisfyingly scary.
0.4 When the convoluted explanation comes, it's too silly to justify the film's self-serious tone.
0.4 Gets dafter and dafter as it progresses.
0.8 A truly fine effort, a worthy reminder of the quality of traditional British pictures and just how good the ghost genre can be when it relies on space, time and simple creaks for effect.
0.4 The film is full of familiar scenes of ghostly goings-on, which lead to an unshocking shock ending.
0.7 The Awakening is a classy old-fashioned ghost tale in the tradition of The Turn Of The Screw
0.6 Winter and Christmas are traditionally times for ghost stories, and The Awakening is a classy one.
0.6 I have to say I found the final, colossal revelation to be contrived, but there are some nicely creepy moments...
0.6 Well cast and acted, with Imelda Staunton as the school matron, the picture is watchable and handsomely made but it's rather weakly plotted and never truly chills.
0.8 Rarely does a horror film make the back of your neck tingle with the calibre of its performances as well as its jumps and jolts - but The Awakening, a beautifully mounted ghost story in the style of The Turn of the Screw, provides chills of both kinds.
0.6 Murphy has produced a mind-bending and foreboding suspense thriller full of intriguing dead ends and plausible accounts.
0.8 Yes, it gets a little melodramatic and nonsensical towards the end, but it's still compelling. I left feeling a little shaken and unnerved.
0.6 There's enough happening in The Awakening to keep you awake.
0.4 A ridiculous revelation and a redundant sexual assault undercut all good sense, as fierce rationality gives way to absurd contrivance and hysteria.
0.6 Creepy, jumpy, if somewhat samey, it's set above the spooker norm by its strong visuals, grief-steeped period setting and lingering ambiguity.
0.4 There's little here to add to the well-worn haunted house genre.
0.7 The Awakening is a tense, classic ghost story given extra backbone by top-notch acting. Shame about the ending.
0.6 An enjoyably creepy ghost story heightened by a terrific central performance from Rebecca Hall, though it's slightly let down by an exposition-heavy script and a disappointing finale.
0.6 While it is not a stand out in its genre, it overcomes the odd dose of over-familiarity with confident filmmaking and some technical flair.
0.375 ...an egregiously familiar ghost story that simply isn't able to wholeheartedly justify its existence...
0.6 The filmmakers [realize] that they're working within a genre with firmly established conventions are but able to carve out a little niche for themselves.
0.75 One of the first significant American horror movies, and an interesting contrast to the same year's other, more important genre milestone, Germany's 'The Cabinet of Dr. Caligari.'
0.7 A wig, hairy prosthetic hands, and a slouched posture were all Barrymore needed to bring Stevenson's defining creation to life, and he did so with gusto.
0.625 The split persona at the center of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde hews intriguingly close to the personal foibles of star John Barrymore.
0.75 One of three 1920 adaptations of Robert Louis Stevenson's classic allegorical chiller, the Paramount Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde is remembered primarily for John Barrymore's bravura performance as the title duo.
0.8 One of the better renditions of the tale, thanks to John Barrymore's brilliant silent performance.
0.8 Not up to the Mamoulian version, but Barrymore's performance makes it essential.
0.4 It's not very good in an objective, universal sense. As a Joe D'Amato film, it's the next thing to a masterpiece.
