0.5 Spy Kids 2: The Island of Lost Dreams is certainly trippy and inventive, but the film is way too long, a little too flat and not nearly as enjoyable as the original.
0.8 An imaginatively joyous adventure.
0.8 The best example in recent memory of what happens when an independent-minded director is allowed to exercise his talents with the backing and support of a Hollywood support system.
0.75 How fitting that the subtitle of this sequel is Island of Lost Dreams, for Rodriguez has let his vivid imagination run even more amok in waking, cinematic life.
0.75 Rodriguez's movie, jammed with gizmos and visual effects, looks more like a bigbudget extravaganza from a Hollywood studio than a relatively modest $40 million movie.
0.6 Imaginativo e divertido, explora o talento de seus jovens protagonistas para criar um filme capaz de encantar toda a familia.
0.75 ...just as enjoyable for adults as it is for kids...
0.6 Not quite as charming as the first one.
0.75 The only thing we don't know after watching Spy Kids 2 is whether Robert Rodriguez's constantly churning brain leaves him any time to sleep at night.
0.8 It's going to be a real hoot watching this duo growing up.
0.7 ...not quite up to the originality of the first film, but its sheer exuberance is good enough to keep youngsters enthralled and most adults at least mildly entertained.
0.7 ...Adequately entertaining but nothing special. Not exactly a ringing endorsement, but hey, it's August.
0.8 Kid-friendly, fun sequel is packed with zip-bang-pow style.
0.75 It's all great fun, and drives forward at a dizzying pace typical for writer-director Robert Rodriguez.
0.75 ... an over-the-top, kick-butt family film that leans toward the excess but is still a worthy sequel... making adults feel like kids again while making kids feel a bit more grown up.
0.75 It's fast-moving, overwhelming fun, full of gadgets, creatures and general whizz-bang. It could have gone disastrously wrong, but I like it.
0.5 Rodriguez is a shining example of Local Boy Makes Good but we don?t want him becoming the next George Lucas, now, do we? I doubt that is the problem.
0.75 a fantastically ridiculous kids' adventure-fantasy filled with bizarre creatures, outlandish gadgets, and anything and everything else Rodriguez's supple imagination could conjure up
0.7 It is a colourful, high-flying package that melds the gadget-happy sensibilities of its Mission: Impossible-spoofing predecessor with a parade of Hollywood in-jokes sure to amuse parents without confusing kids.
0.75 Rodriguez crams in enough exotic creatures, fancy gadgets, humor and action to make the movie's contents practically leap out of the frame.
0.7 Credit Robert Rodriguez for having his pulse on fun kid's stuff.
0.75 Proof that you can make a sophisticated, enjoyable movie that celebrates the intelligence of children without resorting to fart jokes or crotch injuries.
0.875 When the final credits roll, hyperactive preteens likely will be convinced they've just seen -- and desperately want to see again and again -- the coolest movie ever made.
0.8 It's miraculous that writer/director/co-producer/co-composer/editor/co-cinematographer/co-designer (whew!) Robert Rodriguez was able to meet our expectations.
0.75 The charm of the first movie is still there, and the story feels like the logical, unforced continuation of the careers of a pair of spy kids.
0.8 A great looking, trippy adventure. I can't wait for the next one.
0.7 'Spy Kids 2 is still about family, but it's mostly about living up to the expectations of the imagination, and with a monstrous sense of humor.'
0.75 An eye-boggling blend of psychedelic devices, special effects and backgrounds, 'Spy Kids 2' is a visual treat for all audiences.
0.8 Like the first one, this is fresh, funny, exciting, and brilliantly inventive, the best family movie of the summer.
0.6 Spy Kids 2, because of the fabulous special effects and the gadgets and the empowerment of children, should go over extremely well with kiddie audiences. Parents have less to tickle their fancy.
0.75 A cheery kid's film perfect for a Saturday matinee.
0.5 t has a lot to look at, and enough to keep most kids appeased. But it's disappointing after such a fresh and exciting original.
0.625 There still is plenty to enjoy here for kids of all ages -- as long as they keep their inner adults bound and gagged.
0.1 Slapdash and boring.
0.75 With Spy Kids 2: The Island of Lost Dreams, the Spy Kids franchise establishes itself as a durable part of the movie landscape: a James Bond series for kids.
0.5 Rodriguez's storyline is too busy to have much emotional impact.
0.65 If you never thought a movie featuring a flying pig (known as 'spork') and a half-snake, half-lizard (slizzard) could be dull, think again.
0.75 You don't have to be a child to enjoy Spy Kids 2, but it certainly helps.
0.75 Director Robert Rodriguez has once again caught lightning in a bottle.
0.8 Chockfull of nonstop inventiveness and unadulterated fun!
0.6 Cool gadgets and creatures keep this fresh. Not as good as the original, but what is...
0.7 Director/writer Robert Rodriguez spins a razzle-dazzle tale for the small fry, filled with gadgets and monsters.
0.625 While the Island and Ray Harryhausen-esque effects are great, the message gets lost amongst the eye candy.
0.75 ...like walking into a little boy's room where countless toys are scattered about in mid-play. It may be messy, but the sheer imagination on display is undeniable.
0.5 There's way too much CGI gadgetry, some inventive, much simply flashy in the worst kind of video-game way. The kids are nearly lost in the glitz.
0.6 The continued good chemistry between Carmen and Juni is what keeps this slightly disappointing sequel going, with enough amusing banter -- blessedly curse-free -- to keep both kids and parents entertained.
1.0 For Spy Kids 2 the seams are well-hidden and a more relaxed Rodriguez is inside working his feng-shui mojo, rearranging rooms to widen the flow of inspiration. The result is a truly daft but wholly organic world fueled by free association.
0.55 Overall, there's certainly enough of the familiar as well as the new to please fans of the series. For others, it's passable diversionary entertainment.
0.5 Lacks the inspiration of the original and has a bloated plot that stretches the running time about 10 minutes past a child's interest and an adult's patience. But it also has many of the things that made the first one charming.
0.875 With Spy Kids 2: The Island of Lost Dreams, however, Robert Rodriguez adorns his family-film plot with an elegance and maturity that even most contemporary adult movies are lacking.
0.5 A...more imaginative sequel...but plagued by an emptiness inside that cannot be denied.
0.7 Another entertaining romp from Robert Rodriguez.
0.5 To the delight of gadgetheads and the dismay of the rest of us, Spy Kids' paraphernalia is better developed and considerably more fun than its story.
0.4 Though it's competently made, Spy Kids 2 is a classic example of the too hasty sequel, a movie with few ideas and no heart.
0.875 The imagery snaps and pops with such jumpy, carefree energy that the movie seems to be making itself up as it goes along.
0.75 [Spy Kids 2] is both overblown and overlong compared to the original -- but happily has enough heart and smarts to recommend it as one of the season's worthier family entertainments.
0.625 Leaves you wishing Rodriguez had saved some of his ideas for another movie. There's a difference between fast-paced and chaotic, and Spy Kids 2 often blurs the line between the two.
0.875 Spy Kids 2 also happens to be that rarity among sequels: It actually improves upon the original hit movie.
1.0 A fantastical fun house of a film, one that freely, joyfully, considerately expands upon themes set forth in last summer's sleeper family audience hit.
0.75 If you saw last summer's Spy Kids, then Spy Kids 2: Island of Lost Dreams will surely be on your agenda. If you didn't, and you see the sequel, you can safely add to that agenda a trip to the video store for the original.
0.75 It's refreshing to see a kids' action movie in which the most crucial 'special effect' is a rubber band.
0.75 Strictly as a kids' movie, Spy Kids 2 stands pretty tall.
0.875 The sequel is more adult than its predecessor, but just as gadget-packed and action-filled.
0.5 A homogenous and formulaic attempt in continuing the exploits of master spy kids Carmen (Alexa Vega) and Juni (Daryl Sabara) Cortez.
0.5 With Spy Kids 2: The Island of Lost Dreams writer/director/producer Robert Rodriguez has cobbled together a film that feels like a sugar high gone awry.
0.625 A worthy successor to last year's surprise hit.
0.875 At every level, it is crystal-clear that Spy Kids 2 is a labor of love concocted by one ingenious mind.
0.8 The movie is a gaudy, noisy thrill ride -- hyperactive, slightly out of control and full of kinetic, mischievous charm.
0.7 Though Spy Kids 2 has a touch of sequel-itis, it is still imaginative, smart and stands on its own.
0.5 Though the sequel's brisk pace and imaginative monsters should keep kids relatively fidget-free, it fails on almost every other level.
0.875 More so than the first movie, Spy Kids 2 is sheer fun. Having already revealed his characters, writer-director Robert Rodriguez can concentrate on their adventures.
0.625 Agreeably substantive and charmingly resourceful, a pleasant diversion for late summer that won't actually make your children appreciably stupider.
0.6 Delivers everything you want from a sequel -- familiarity and innovation in equal measure.
0.375 There's no excuse for following up a delightful, well-crafted family film with a computer-generated cold fish.
0.7 Rodriguez has put together an satisfying sequel; the writing is very witty and the plot moves along briskly.
0.625 ...has about 3/4th the fun of its spry 2001 predecessor - but it's a rushed, slapdash, sequel-for-the-sake- of-a-sequel with less than half the plot and ingenuity.
0.75 The best part of the picture is the sibling rivalry and cooperation between Carmen and Juni, who still have great chemistry together.
0.8 With traditional family values and kid-empowerment, it's a rollicking good roller-coaster ride for its target audience.
0.5 Rock solid family fun out of the gates, extremely imaginative through out, but wanes in the middle
0.625 Gizmos are groovy but parents are even more cool.
0.625 By film's end, it's clear that family values are every bit as important to this kiddie empowerment saga as the inventiveness of its gizmos.
0.625 ...often just as dull as it is engaging...
0.4 Lackluster story only for kindergarteners.
0.5 If "the CEO wants to sell teddy bears" isn't going to inspire writers to do their best work, what on Earth possibly could?
0.7 Predictable? Yes. Corny? Sure. But Brother Bear is still good, family fun.
0.75 'Es una de esas joyitas que no pueden faltar en ninguna coleccion personal y cuyo valor seguramente sera reconocido en los anos por venir.'
0.875 The movie isn&#8217;t as witty as Monsters, Inc. and the storytelling isn&#8217;t as sharp as in Tarzan, but the theme of environmental kindness is priceless.
0.5 I still don't understand how Brother Bear got an Oscar nomination for Best Animated film, but there are plenty of worse movies out there.
0.6 ...for all its earnestness, its wholesomeness, and its uplifting moral values, Brother Bear is formula Disney.
0.8 Great music from Phil Collins and a couple of familiar moose make Brother Bear an animated film worth checking out with the whole family.
0.9 "A rich, deeply felt story about self-actualization and love, as well as about learning to respect nature on its own terms. It's the new Bambi.
0.3 Skirts self-parody in its rigid adherence to the cartoon-epic template.
0.6 Brother Bear probably won't crossover to adult moviegoers without kids [but] it's an intelligent and entertaining addition to the Disney catalog.
1.0 Os animadores da Disney fazem mais um trabalho excepcional e repleto de preciosismos.
0.4 Run-of-the-mill fare like this only gives more power to the pixel-pushers.
0.75 A New Age-y tale that doesn't quite rank as a Disney masterpiece, but which is enjoyable nonetheless.
0.4 .
0.75 These beasts are beautiful, but "Brother Bear" is no "Beauty and the Beast."
0.5 Give one chef eggs, cream, and sugar, and he'll produce creme brulee. In another kitchen, you'll get plain old vanilla pudding. What we have in Brother Bear, for all the potentially tasty ingredients, is pudding.
0.4 Disney's animated fable takes the "circle of life" for another wearying spin down a road the studio has traveled before.
0.5 Brother Bear should please most kids, but its formulaic story and predictable animation prove Disney needs to try a little harder next time.
0.375 Saddle our freshly hirsute hero with an insufferably chatty-cute sidekick ... and you're pouring chocolate sauce on a Double Stuf Oreo.
0.625 Pixar is forcing Disney to keep up with more than ongoing distribution negotiations; Brother Bear is proof its muscles are starting to cramp.
0.6 Brother Bear ups the usual Disney ante by affording the viewer the demise of a brother and a mother before this latest offering is a reel old.
0.375 Oh, brother, what a bore...
0.5 Although there are five credited writers, it's as if they copied and pasted material from other sources but forgot what made the originals work.
0.5 The much-handled script is stifling in its self-conscious seriousness.
0.75 While not a masterpiece along the lines of The Lion King, and not a super-smart witticism-fest like Lilo & Stitch, Brother Bear is deeply heartfelt, touching, and beautiful.
0.5 With the undistinguished Brother Bear, Disney seems to have forgotten it no longer monopolizes the animated feature market.
0.625 An inconsequential picture like this isn't going to do much to persuade Disney to keep its artists supplied with inks and watercolors as well as hard drives and mousepads.
0.3 The characters are mechanisms who move along the plot arc from point A to point B.
0.8 Quite easily the best traditionally animated Walt Disney film since 1994's, The Lion King.
0.6 The hand-drawn animation is alternately static and inconsistent, and the story may be too downbeat for younger kids, who are most assuredly the target audience.
0.5 It's hard to avoid concluding that Brother Bear was pitched as Pocahontas meets The Lion King since it recycles the themes of both, not to mention a character or two.
0.4 Man bad, wildlife good...what a load.
0.5 Perhaps a better title would have been Oh Brother! Bear.
0.625 A collection of terrible songs by Phil Collins continuously halts the movie in its tracks.
0.6 The parts may not all fit neatly together, but the whole delivers a tale of brotherly love with just enough laughs to keep the kids entertained throughout.
0.375 What's maddening about Bear is that it dangles good stuff in front of us -- an intriguing American Indian myth, beautifully stylized backgrounds -- and yanks it away to dive into conventional territory.
0.625 A sentimental and enjoyable family film.
0.75 The good news is that this is mostly good old-fashioned hand-drawn Disney animation. The bad news is that it relies too much on old-fashioned formula, hackneyed plot and cookie-cutter characters.
0.75 There's a nagging sameness here that dwarfs the film's noble intentions and rather striking cinematics.
0.6 It feels like the moviemakers went through the motions because it's time again for a holiday season cartoon for the little ones.
0.625 While there are certainly laughs to be had, and the backgrounds are frequently ravishing, Brother Bear is frankly a bore.
0.7 Disney's latest attempt to hold the line for traditional animation is a formulaic enough effort, but it still comes through with the moralistic goods when it needs to.
0.6 Brother Bear is bearable, but just barely.
0.7 Brother Bear is safe family fare.
0.5 The film can be recommended to parents of headstrong children who are up for a wild, frequently entertaining, but not always coherent ride. Everyone else might want to download the Disney screensaver.
0.625 It's eminently forgettable and does represent Mouse House storytelling at its most formulaic, but it's still better than a great deal of what passes for animated entertainment these days.
0.375 Disney has turned the call of the wild into the stultifying murmur of group therapy.
0.5 Seems destined to swirl down the drain along with other Mouse House flameouts
0.75 Children and their parents are likely to relate on completely different levels, the adults connecting with the transfer of souls from man to beast, while the kids are excited by the adventure stuff.
0.875 Proves hand-drawn animation can dazzle as much the computerized kind.
0.375 ...runs on circle-of-life blather and Casio-keyboard songs by Phil Collins. To call it bland would be an insult to Barry Manilow.
0.75 Good story, solid animation, catchy songs, a beautiful score by Mark Mancina and big laughs to not bore the adults. Sounds like the perfect definition of a family film to me.
0.375 Brother Bear just doesn't have the original Disney spark; rather it seems like a paint-by-numbers marketing venture.
0.75 Even though the story never was never quite gripping enough, "Brother Bear" still is an enjoyable movie for the kids
0.625 Messages about appreciating the world around you and a reworking of The Lion King circle-of-life riff are likely to be warmly accepted.
0.75 A generally upbeat and engaging tale of friendship and understanding.
0.5 Though six credited people (and doubtless uncredited ones as well) worked on script and story, this fits the Disney template to a T.
0.7 Solid family entertainment, but won't give Pixar a run for its money.
0.5 There's something vanilla about the whole enterprise.
0.4 Brother Bear does have a satisfying ending and it's nice to see a G-rated film without bathroom humor, but there is too much formula and not enough reason to pay attention here.
0.75 A pleasant experience that is more appropriate for families than for adults unaccompanied by young offspring.
0.4 The painted backgrounds are pretty, but the animation is sketchy and flat-looking; the characters cast no shadows and don't seem to weigh anything.
0.6 Uncommonly satisfied with letting the characters just sit there onscreen, inhabiting cliches until the audience does some eye-rolling.
0.4 You can't fault the message it wants to send . . . [a]las, the execution is 90% generic and 100% unfunny
0.625 It's kind of cute -- but just not cute enough.
0.75 A sweet celebration of brotherhood in its many forms.
0.4 While the hand-drawn animation is visually appealing, the story is completely predictable and Phil Collins's music lacks the impact of his Oscar-winning Tarzan tunes.
0.7 Disney has come up with a mythical tale, strong on both sentiment and humor and, of course, stuffed with suitable family values messages about being kind to animals and loving your brother as you would be loved.
0.625 It's a thoroughly pleasant, if unremarkable, kids' movie that will keep the little ones entertained for 80 minutes while not hurting their parents' heads too much.
0.5 Though Brother Bear is as beautiful as any of Disney's hand-drawn features, the gang-written script is deadly flat.
0.6 To put it frankly, it's generic.
0.375 An uninspired recycling of themes that were far more gripping in The Lion King and countless other earlier Mouse House classics.
0.4 If Brother Bear aspires to be The Lion King Plus, that plus is the infusion of ethnographic kitsch recycled from earlier Disney hits like Mulan and Pocahontas that adds moral tone, but no extra entertainment value.
0.125 A quintessential example of a dishonest picture.
0.5 A play- it-safe pastiche of familiar Disney tropes, from the senseless killing of a poor animal to the headstrong young adventurer to the ragtag comic relief to ... well, you can fill in the rest.
0.5 All the old Disney trademarks are here, except the wit and surprise that were once the studio's stock in trade.
0.375 The embarrassing Earth Mother chants by Phil Collins further remove us from the world of the sacred past and straight into a Disney marketeer's cubicle.
0.5 Here's yet another animated feature from Disney's mostly barren stretch between its two golden ages, a film that plays better in nostalgia-tinged memories than in the here-and-now.
0.75 Disney's grandniece recently cast aspersions on the picture, but I don't share her pessimism.
0.75 [Blu-ray Review] Looking and sounding like a million bucks (or more) and full of exhaustive bonus content new and vintage, the Blu-ray release of "The Jungle Book" is a must-own for anyone who loves animation, the Walt Disney studio, or film in general.
0.7 Every one of the bunch is memorable, and each plays gracefully into the action of the film.
0.7 Disney had perhaps the clearest vision of any creative talent in Hollywood, and 'The Jungle Book' is the last project with which he was personally involved. Though he died before it hit theaters, he would have been proud of the final cut.
0.5 ...a sporadically entertaining yet hopelessly uneven bit of animated filmmaking.
1.0 Jaunty animation meets jazzy songs in Disney classic.
0.6 By far the most contemporary in expression and attitude of any Disney animated feature to that time.
0.875 A witty animated feature from Disney based on the famous Rudyard Kipling stories.
1.0 It's a slight tale, of course, and incredibly short, but the characters and songs are pretty much perfect viewing time and again.
1.0 Ridiculously entertaining.
0.625 The literally last-minute stab at domestic foreplay is simply unbelievable, but Baloo's lip-licking post-mortem ("I still think he'd a made one swell bear") is what sticks.
0.8 Reflects a conservative, imperialist, 'don't mix the races/species' worldview. Yet it's also about friendship and truthfulness, and it's just plain fun.
0.8 The roughness around the edges of The Jungle Book are part of what makes it such a classic.
0.7 ...the characters, music, and animation more than make up for any shortcomings, and the result is pleasant entertainment for everyone.
0.8 Fun characters, irresistible songs -- a Disney classic.
0.6 Pretty good, but not great later Disney effort.
0.6 I'll never get that "Bear Necessities" song out of my head, ever. I guess that's a testament to the movie.
0.8 The Jungle Book isn't without its rough spots, but on the whole it's fully deserving of its place in the Disney canon.
0.6 The background animation is embarrassing, but the songs are fun.
0.625 ..an uneven episode in the Disney legacy, without much shape and substance beyond the concept of jumping from one scene to the next in order to get to the next musical number.
0.8 The Jungle Book is fun, cheerful animation; high on hummable songs and comedy; and low on scary moments.
0.6 Mildly amusing sports-themed sequel is fun for young kids.
0.8 The fantasy elements are so seamlessly blended with real elements. There is very little disbelief by the characters, and you want to believe yourself by the end.
0.6 Apart from the ecofriendly message, we have, as always, Miyazaki's magnificently inventive animation, which is almost enough to carry the day.
0.6 There's still plenty of gorgeous eye-candy to keep adults going if they've taken their kids along for some unthreatening entertainment.
0.8 Let's say you have a five-year-old child who's not all caught up in the details of boring, mundane reality. Here's that kid's new favorite movie.
0.8 A sweet love story about a boy and his fish, Ponyo is a weird yet wonderful children's fantasy, and marks another milestone in the career of Hayao Miyazaki.
0.6 His antediluvian underwater creatures are gorgeous, a world removed from Finding Nemo, his sweeping tides and smashing tsunamis are a patchwork of colour and technique.
0.81 That rare children's movie that actually taps into the unique imaginative power of a child's mind.
0.6 Though far from Studio Ghibli's best film, Ponyo is still a magical experience.
0.875 Significantly, Miyazaki creates realistic, valid and memorably attractive characters, such as the heroic-vulnerable-patient-nurturing-tough mother, Tina Fey.
0.9 While the animation in Ponyo is simplistic, even crude by many people's standards, there is no denying the film's dazzling color palette, masterful attention to detail and dizzying imagination.
0.4 Shouldn't an anime' auteur of Hayao Miyazaki's stature avoid a story about a sea creature interacting with a human child? Isn't that "Finding Nemo?"
0.8 Doesn't commit itself to mining our deeper feelings, and as such it feels much more geared to younger viewers; but with that comes dazzling displays of drawn and painted visuals, full of color, life.
0.4 Though Ponyo contains images so haunting that it's hard to dismiss altogether, this is one of Miyazaki's feeblest efforts.
0.7 While it continually stimulates our imagination, it's a little too odd to really resonate.
0.8 Perfect family entertainment with a subtle environmental message.
0.8 Miyazaki's back, and still a force of nature. A weird, wonderful aquatic romp, Ponyo is also a meditation on the state of this blue planet. Catch it.
0.8 We're drawn under the waves of the sea to a hidden enclave of neon-hued aqualife more vibrant, surreal and enchanting than any of the floating 3D whatsits in 'Avatar'.
0.8 A fantastic looking, inventive and well-acted children's film, but a children's film nonetheless - and that's all it was ever intended to be.
0.8 As usual, Miyazaki treads a thin line between intuitive, unshackled fantasy and simply seeming to makes things up as he goes along, but there is never a dull moment in the film's imagery.
0.8 An arresting work from an unmistakable film-making personality.
0.8 A simple tale, less freighted by foreboding than Miyazaki's recent output. In any case, storytelling is less important to him than mood or texture. His films are dream waltzes, all liquid motion and mysterious turbulences.
0.8 Ponyo is The Little Mermaid, Finding Nemo and Fantasia, all wrapped up in one fin-tastic movie, and guaranteed to hold the attention of the most CG-addled five year old.
0.8 Bar the climactic dip, another Ghibli charmer that finds story, subject matter and style in freewheeling harmony. You haven't seen the sea until you've seen it through Miyazaki's goggles.
0.8 This is a million miles away from the garish and crude cartoons that American studios often churn out, and serves as a reminder that animated films can be imaginative, enchanting and exciting while still telling a sweet, good-hearted story.
0.8 [Miyazaki's] dream-like visuals which sparkle in the deep blue sea.
0.8 Absurdly delightful, a prestidigitation of line and colour.
0.6 No animator captures the movement of tides and the deep physics of the sea as lyrically as Miyazaki, and the story's themes of rejuvenation and ecological balance carry a highly topical edge.
0.8 It may be a feelgood story but it's the stunning animation and the director's imagination that take the eye.
1.0 If you want to see something suitable for all ages that will dazzle you sideways and remind you of the awesome power of animation done right, you should see this.
1.0 Be bold enough to watch someone color outside the lines on purpose
0.8 The underwater scenes are as rich and teeming as Miyazaki's boundless imagination; little Ponyo in her human form, joyfully wobbling around on her newly sprouted legs, is a pure delight.
0.8 Beautifully animated, utterly charming adventure with a strong voice cast, delightful characters and an emotionally engaging, if bonkers, storyline.
0.9 Ponyo is a delight, so long as you accept it for what it is... an empowering, completely upbeat wonder-tale.
0.75 Minor Miyazaki to be sure, this film pales in comparison to many of his recent features.
0.75 Miyazaki refuses to be dismissed
0.8 lacks any real sense of conflict or danger. It makes up for it. . . with a delightfully absurd internal logic that is perfectly keyed into the way small children see the world
0.5 Hayao Miyazaki is off his game with this film that has weaker art and animation than his usual films and a script that needed another draft or two.
0.5 Ponyo is something of a disappointment. Leaving aside the plot deficiencies and storytelling awkwardness, Mr. Miyazaki's latest simply doesn't look good.
0.8 Miyazaki effortlessly combines the marvellous and the mundane in his cinema. Visually, Ponyo is an imaginative, exhilarating work, but its vigour and energy are achieved with surprising simplicity.
0.8 It is a delight, this film. There is so much imagination at work here.
0.8 Miyazaki has come up with another memorable film in Ponyo, which is roughly inspired by Hans Christian Andersen's The Little Mermaid... it's incredibly beautiful as Miyazaki explores an amazing world of sea creatures and human beings.
0.8 It's one of Miyazaki's funniest and most intimate films so far, partly because of the engaging matter-of-factness with which he marries the extravagantly fantastic with the comforting realities of everyday life.
1.0 Lately, when I want to smile, I just think of Ponyo.
1.0 Heralds a return to the child-like wonder of Miyazaki's enduring My Neighbor Totoro. And what do you know? It's another masterpiece.
0.75 Compared to the animated garbage that typically passes through stateside theaters, it's practically a godsend.
1.0 The sight of the giddy and newly bipedal Ponyo racing atop the waves of a magically roiling flood may be the happiest and most memorable image of the movie year.
0.8 The film's pleasures are immensely simple, but this does not make them less real or wonderful.
0.75 The film's joys are numerous, and most of them are small and simple. To start with, the animation -- all hand-drawn -- is simply breathtaking.
0.625 I sure like Miyazaki's visual style, but could he for once make a movie that actually made sense? Or have realistic characters, like a mother who wouldn't leave her 5 year alone during an extremely dangerous storm?
0.875 ..something like Finding Nemo and The Little Mermaid - if Nemo and Ariel had gotten together to ingest some new variety of aquatic shrooms.
1.0 Ponyo towers over this summer of empty toy-related blockbusters. It will end up as one of the best films in American release this year.
0.875 For those who love 'Spirited Away' and 'Princess Mononoke,' as I do, here's another Hayao Miyazaki tale of friendship and fantasy.
0.8 Visually stunning, it's a fantastical, enchanting charmer that's bound to delight children and adults alike.
0.7 Not the spectacle that Princess Mononoke or Spirited Away are, Ponyo's beautiful, hand-drawn storybook pastels, mesmerising swirls of colourful action and sweet message of friendship are a gentle delight.
0.75 His twisted version of Finding Nemo meets Splash, the movie won't go down as one of his best, but it's still better than 90 percent of animation out there.
0.9 Some may find it too childish, but the movie's innocence is infectious, and Miyazaki's artistry utterly transporting.
0.9 In a Summer of senseless mayhem and underwhelming efforts, Ponyo on the Cliff by the Sea is majestic. It easily matches (and in many cases, surpasses) the best the genre has to offer.
0.4 Probably the most saccarine horror film I've seen in years.
0.6 Trippy in the right way, and wholly enchanting.
0.875 This exquisite pastel-colored, eye-popping example of hand-drawn animation is still very Japanese, aimed most specifically at children around the world -- but with a storytelling sophistication that adults will savor.
0.5 Miyazaki's artwork can be lovely -- and the delicate, watery colors of Ponyo are particularly well done -- but he's still a slave to the genre's peculiar traditions.
1.0 Five minutes into this magical film you'll be making lists of the individuals of every age you can expose to the very special mixture of fantasy and folklore, adventure and affection, that make up the enchanted vision of Japanese director Hayao Miyazaki.
0.6 Ponyo is a visually arresting work by an anime master, and both cute enough and suspenseful enough to keep pre-schoolers in their seats.
0.875 You watch a Miyazaki film with the pie-eyed, gape-mouthed awe of a child being read the most fantastic story and suddenly transported to places previously beyond the limits of imagination. It's quite a trip.
0.8 'Ponyo' is a worthy piece of work from an artist who takes his work and his audience seriously.
0.875 Miyazaki works marvels. Sit back and behold.
0.75 As beautiful as Ponyo is to the eye, the movie -- thanks in part to a spotty English-language adaptation -- is sometimes a bit grating to the ear and confusing to the brain.
0.75 It's very much a charming kids' film, created by a master of animation.
1.0 The 68-year-old filmmaker shows that he's at the peak of his skills, both as a visual artist and a storyteller.
0.875 Hayao Miyazaki's magical Ponyo blends fantasy with just a drop of reality, and the result is irresistible.
0.875 A bright tale of wonder and connection, Ponyo is a reminder that a G rating needn't be a "little kid" designation.
0.75 Disney has done an unusually fine job of Americanizing Ponyo with a delicate script by "E.T." writer Melissa Mathison and warm, expressive voice work. Now, I just hope it doesn't fall on deaf ears.
0.625 The film is visually stunning, however, with a A-list cast of voices that include Matt Damon, Cate Blanchett, and Tina Fey.
0.75 It's a wonderful place that Miyazaki creates, an alternatively sweet and savage world that defies physics and common sense, as imaginative and impossible in its own way as Jules Verne's sci-fi fantasies or Maurice Sendak's animal kingdom.
0.6 Those who consider Miyazaki a filmmaking master will probably consider this another one of his masterpieces.
0.8 Miyazaki's stunning adventure is geared to younger kids.
0.85 The type of glorious filmmaking and storytelling that should appeal to everyone ... a wonderful and magical film that should be seen and enjoyed as a family.
1.0 Hayao Miyazaki proves that he is not only a master animator but also a master storyteller. Ponyo is easily one of the best films -- animated or live action -- of the year.
0.85 Sometimes it's enough to just sit back and let a beautiful work of animation wash over you, letting the troubles of the world slide past as the pictures take you out of this world. Ponyo is just that sort of film.
0.9 When the ocean rises in this wonderful movie, each leaping wave stares out at us with a baleful eye as if in watchful and worried wait.
0.875 Wondrous, weird, and sweetly innocent, Ponyo is a tale bursting with love, which is recommendation enough for the young and the young at heart.
0.75 you get a psychedelic, visually stunning film with a Japanese flavor, instead of one with pop culture flavor (and no talking dogs or balloons).
0.825 A magical, uplifting and visually stunning film that's exhilarating for kids and adults simultaneously.
0.75 Even though Ponyo is not one of Miyazaki's great masterpieces (at least from a narrative perspective), it is so beautiful and immersive that it's hard to imagine grown ups not losing themselves in it.
0.7 Ponyo will sure make you long for the days of hand-drawn animation.
0.7 Accompanying adults will likely find themselves just as enthralled as their little ones.
1.0 "Ponyo" is the kind of dazzling cinematic experience that will resonate in the hearts and minds of anyone who sees it for a long time afterwards.
0.875 A good number of Miyazaki's fans will be disappointed by what looks like a step back, but the relaxed simplicity of the new film eventually works its effortless magic.
1.0 We are truly dealing with a master.
0.875 With its ever-shifting world and palpable sense of magic, Ponyo captures the wonder of being a child.
0.75 Miyazaki fans who are expecting the deeper themes in this may be disappointed. And as good as it looks, it's not career defining work, it's only merely good.
0.6 A charming and enchanting mystical fairy tale about a goldfish who becomes a girl and a little boy who loves her and introduces her with pride to his world of wonders.
0.6 A loose adaptation of The Little Mermaid that's full of fantastic visuals and genuine whimsy, but a little lax when it comes to plot logic or meaningful themes.
0.75 A lovely and unique feast for the eyes and the heart.
0.75 If you've never experienced a Miyazaki movie, here's your chance to try one. Come on in. The water's fine.
0.75 Nothing in the great animation of a Miyazaki movie stays cute for long. Not the ocean, not the trees, not the critters that live in them. Change is constant but rarely natural.
0.7 comes from a great line of Miyazaki heroines
1.0 Fable, emotion and psychology merge in a fairy-tale brew that will hold children rapt and engage the better angels of adults.
0.9 I feel like I need a second viewing for full absorption.
0.875 Ponyo isn't quite as memorable as some of Miyazaki's previous works, but it's a magical experience that's far superior to most animated offerings.
1.0 This poetic, visually breathtaking work by the greatest of all animators has such deep charm that adults and children will both be touched. It's wonderful and never even seems to try: It unfolds fantastically.
0.8 Admirable and enjoyable and beautiful, but it's a movie for the littlest of the little ones.
1.0 ...a sweetly lovable and visually trippy movie that young tots and their parents can enjoy in equal measure.
0.6 What held in the animator's previous films as eccentrically multifaceted dream logic comes off for once as a series of non sequiturs -- but really, why complain while sucking on an Everlasting Gobstopper of eye candy?
0.8 Charming, amusing and firmly anchored in a child's point of view, this movie from the master animator of Spirited Away makes a great introduction to that acquired-taste style of filmmaking.
0.6 See this film if you're looking to immerse yourself in a sense of delight over the simple wonders of a child's world.
0.8 With a starry, first-rate voice cast and the shortened name, this Disney-fied version remains a magnificent animation wonder and a pure delight.
0.625 Until its fizzle of a finale, Ponyo, Hayao Miyazaki's latest artisanally-crafted anime daydream, brims forth with an appealingly willy-nilly inventiveness pitched to a child's sense of wonder.
1.0 Great Olivier performance and direction.
0.8 Olivier's terrific performance and William Walton's sweeping score render it one of the best Shakespeare films ever made.
0.8 A bold, clear reading of Shakespeare's play and an exhilarating piece of wartime propaganda.
0.8 The dashing Olivier gives an exceptional performance, whether galvanizing his troops with his soaring oratory, or realizing on the eve of combat the king's profound isolation.
0.8 A towering performance from Olivier cements this as a true example of flag-waving cinema.
0.8 The first completely serious attempt to bring Shakespeare to the sound film.
0.5 If it has power now, it's for Larry's commanding soldier-king and for his audacious sub-Brechtian adapatation, which scythes the text to reveal the heart - notably in the extraordinary, moving, pre-battle 'A little touch of Harry' exposing cold fear's co
1.0 A stunningly brilliant and intriguing screen spectacle, rich in theatrical invention, in heroic imagery and also gracefully regardful of the conventions of the Elizabethan stage.
1.0 Shakespeare's finest hour on the big screen to date.
0.8 A colorful, spectacular adaptation, made to inspire the WWII troops, which it does. Olivier at the top of his art.
1.0 That the film should get made at all was an extraordinary achievement, but Olivier, in his directing debut, also gave us the first large-scale radical movie re-interpretation of Shakespeare long before others.
1.0 Henry V was Olivier's first Shakespearean film, and he directed it with brilliant imagination and elegance.
1.0 Olivier not only took on the title role but the director's mantle, performing both roles magnificently.
0.6 Kids will enjoy it, even if the jokes escape them.
0.6 All things considered, I got more fun out of the much maligned earlier attempt of bringing characters from the show to film, Boris and Natasha.
0.75 Expected punny dialogue and sight gags ensue, but also packed in are pointed, self-deprecating barbs about Hollywood, moviemaking, and the conventions of cartoons themselves.
0.75 These complaints are mere trifles compared to the fun I had at seeing my favorite moose and squirrel again.
0.6 If you liked the 1960s cartoon series upon which this film is based, you'll like this film.
0.2 There's just not enough depth of thought to sustain it onscreen for 90 minutes.
0.2 All of this adds up to a story we don't care about with nothing particularly involving and about two laughs both in the first ten minutes.
0.5 For the most part, the film succeeds, with predictable complaints stemming from the stretch marks that plague all features based on TV/animated shows.
0.75 The rare adaptation that celebrates the spirit of the TV show that spawned it instead of disgracing it.
0.2 So unrelentingly bad on so many levels.
0.3 It's sledgehammer whimsy, and it's not talking to me.
0.6 The picture, though loose and lazy for much of its life, does at least have a high degree of innocence, charm and pep.
0.625 a generally a fun movie, especially for those who are familiar with the old cartoons
0.4 Too fragmented to either please or sufficiently entertain any of its target audiences.
0.68 If the shrill know-it-all squirrel and his oafish horned buddy aren't old friends, then you'll likely want to give this a miss.
0.4 When it connects, the belly laughs are long and loud, but when it misses, the groans you'll be hearing are your own.
0.4 Falls flat within today's comedic standards.
0.5 McAnuff and screenwriter Kenneth Lonergan seem unable to get the story and the satire to co-exist.
0.25 Looms as the Howard the Duck for the new millennium.
0.5 After a surprisingly savvy and funny introduction, this wildlife road comedy can't generate enough smart-ass creativity to sustain its feature length.
0.75 The Adventures of Rocky and Bullwinkle appears to be one of the frontrunners for both the 'eye candy' crowd and children's audience.
0.6 Rocky and Bullwinkle is too hectic to allow any breathing room for characterization.
0.75 McAnuff and his cast have a jolly time with this material.
0.625 A fun but rather ordinary cartoon crossover dressed up with the wit of Ward's creations.
0.7 The Adventures of Rocky and Bullwinkle is completely in the spirit of its progenitor.
0.5 It's a mostly adorable comic-adventure fantasy brightened by flashes of true inspiration.
0.625 Captures the tone and spirit of the original.
0.6 It is so unpretentious that it is impossible to dislike.
0.9 By making us conspirators in the humor, by constantly breaking the fourth wall ... to remind us that this is a movie about a movie about a kids' cartoon TV series, Rocky and Bullwinkle surprises and delights.
0.75 A sweet treat for the family audience.
0.625 90 minutes is too long for any incarnation of The Adventures of Rocky and Bullwinkle.
0.5 Rocky and Bullwinkle's latest adventure is a fractured tale.
0.2 Made by people who clearly think themselves much smarter than their audience. In place of whimsy, it offers cynicism.
0.625 Pity the poor toons stuck with such two-dimensional, (so-called) live-action figures.
0.75 There's a word for this movie, and that word is: jolly.
0.2 The sugary cuteness of the Little Ponies masks a corporate greed as cold and sharp as a razor blade.
0.5 The story is treacly sweet, told in a simplistic animation style that has lamentably become an industry standard.
0.3 The little ponies are like those pastel heart candies that have little messages on them such as ''I luv you.'' You can eat a few, but too many make you sick.
0.6 Cute talking animal movie has some scary moments.
0.625 It's as beautifully animated as its predecessor, but its mixed message is troubling: It begins by endorsing nonviolence, as Hiccup insists that friendship can be a more powerful motivator than force, but ends by bludgeoning the bad guys into submission.
0.8 With multi Oscar-nominated British cinematographer Roger Deakins (Skyfall) advising, DreamWorks' visual work is stunning, but the story feels fragmented by the mixture of strange accents and additional sub-plots.
0.875 A command of genre creativity blended with human insight.
0.95 How to Train Your Dragon 2 isn't just a great sequel, a great animated spectacle, or a great example of successful franchise-expansion/world-building. How to Train Your Dragon 2 is flat-out great film, period
0.75 With writer-director Dean DeBlois back at the helm, the sequel feels like a solid continuation of the first movie.
0.75 Here and there, it's as if the mythology of Tolkien has been filtered through the imagery of Miyazaki.
1.0 Bigger and even richer than the terrific 2010 hit animation, this sequel is also quite possibly the best action-adventure movie of the year.
0.8 A triumph that soars far beyond a lazy re-tread of the original. It is altogether darker, richer and more complex.
1.0 Funny, big-hearted and - as you'd expect - a visual feast, this a family film in every sense and one to be lapped-up by both kids and grown-ups alike.
0.6 The characters in this movie are charmers. They've got me so well-trained, I'm even looking forward to HTTYD3.
0.8 It has a richness that's highly compelling, especially in the way it explores the complex relationship between man and beast.
0.8 The filmmakers borrow freely from Avatar, Sword In The Stone and even Brave but they bring enough vigour and imagination to their storytelling to get away with it.
0.8 The sequel doesn't attempt to take things in a completely new direction, choosing instead to expand its world and characters with great success.
0.8 This swooping and soaring sequel boasts big thrills, innovative set-pieces and a surprisingly radical political outlook.
0.8 Textures and gestures are brilliantly rendered, the body language saying more about the characters and their relationships than any words ...
0.8 Despite the unimaginative title, How To Train Your Dragon 2 arrives full of its predecessor's invention, wit and flair.
0.8 Bigger, braver and even more visually rewarding than the original, it's an ambitious attempt to extend the scope of its predecessor without sacrificing the charm, humour and excitement that made that so appealing.
0.6 Hats off to Dreamworks for offering some bold surprises in a respectable sequel filled with moments of humour and emotion among its ample noise and movement.
0.8 At times terrifying and too tough for tinies, this is nevertheless a triumphant sequel that puts its faith in Hiccup and Toothless to find a way through dark times for man and dragon.
0.6 his franchise has swiftly proven itself to be one that has heart to match its dazzling visuals - it exists in a world that feels tactile, for once the 3D isn't crushingly disappointing.
0.7 Not as fresh or funny as its 2010 predecessor but with a bang-up second half, much visual beauty and a surprising emotional resonance.
0.8 This isn't just a more soulful movie, it's a much more spectacular one too. At times, it makes it's glossy rivals look like they belong in the Dark Ages
0.8 It begs the question: Are animated studio such as Pixar and DreamWorks catering to a much more mature audience? Or are they pushing the hearts and minds of wee-ones into new, dark boundaries?
0.8 Game of What? This is our new desert island dragon-themed pop pick.
0.7 There's actually a point about 90 minutes in where things take a very dark turn, and I momentarily thought the movie was going to end on an incredible down note.
0.7 The swirl of storylines, plot twists and huge battles might prove a tad too intense for kids under 10, and even adults will have to pay close attention...Still, the film can't be faulted for its movement, humour or [its] sheer beauty.
0.6 An efficient and entertaining franchise sequel, but it restates how conventionally Americanised this property has become in comparison with the literary original ...
0.7 Those who made [this film] know the kids who adored the original have grown since the [first one] and they're trying mightily to grow with them. That counts for something in today's popular culture universe, even if they seem to be trying awfully hard.
0.2 Unable to settle on any one story idea in particular, writer-director Dean DeBlois throws in three or four, which intersect at odd moments, like cars at a busy intersection, refusing to give the right of way, so that no one ends up going anywhere fast.
0.5 The most distinctive thing about the series is its strictly rational handling of fantasy themes. The dragons themselves can be fearsome or adorable - but since they don't speak, they're treated for the most part as pieces of hardware or beasts of burden.
0.8 How to Train Your Dragon 2 is the most solid, light, and enjoyable fantasy film of the summer.
0.7 There's something uniquely appealing, especially to kids, about animals acting like animals.
0.7 One of the top handful of movies ever made by DreamWorks Animation, but pretty much across-the-board weaker than the original How to Train Your Dragon.
0.8 I'm so impressed I actually saw a movie where I plonked down the coin for 3D and felt like I hadn't been robbed.
0.875 Dragon 2 does what every sequel should do, but few even attempt - expand the horizons of its original.
0.8 A rarity because this sequel outdoes the original.
0.7 A visual stunner with aerial sequences that will take your breath away, and many of the dogfights (dragonfights?) have that Star Wars sizzle.
0.9 A great sequel feels fresh and familiar all at the same time, which is why 'How to Train Your Dragon 2' is a great sequel.
0.9 Waging peace can be every bit as heroic and satisfying as waging war.
0.8 DeBlois thankfully remembers everything the two of them did right in the previous film.
1.0 With its stunning visuals, majestic score, compelling perspectives, its massive yet impressive sense of scope, and its breathtaking camera angles, How to Train Your Dragon 2 is undeniably phenomenal and the undisputed animated film of the summer.
0.6 It's entertaining and gorgeous, but disjointed, veering between wildly emotional scenes on both ends of the spectrum without much thought for how they should flow together.
0.75 The film isn't afraid to occasionally saunter over to the dark side. How dark? Let's just say there's a late-breaking development here that will result in some moviegoers tagging it as this film's Vader-flavored "I am your father" moment.
0.875 Every bit as endearing as the original, if not even more stirring, 'How to Train Your Dragon 2' is full of humor, loss, adventure and romance. In other words, it has the same themes, lovable characters and beautiful look that made the original a hit.
0.875 How refreshing it is to find a summer sequel that's not simply louder or wackier than its predecessor, but rather feels like an extension of its first film and all of its best qualities.
0.75 Although there are times when bits of the movie feel extraneous, the production as a whole comes across more like an organic extension of the original tale than something tacked on purely to score at the box office.
1.0 Epic, thrilling 3-D adventure sequel is outstanding.
0.6 In the bigger is better world of Hollywood sequels, How to Train Your Dragon 2 comes up short. It lacks the novelty of the original and tries too hard to be "about" something more than fun.
0.9 A bigger, and arguably better, sequel experience that features more dragons, larger scale action set pieces, as well as a poignant message on the challenges of growing up.
0.8 An inspired and inspiring piece of escapism, this one will get the kids cheering on their feet and the grown-ups blubbering in their seats.
1.0 How to Train Your Dragon 2 will be tough for your kids to watch, and some of it will require explaining and discussion -- which alone makes it mean and matter more than the majority of designed-to-be-forgotten animated films in theaters these days.
0.85 It's clear that [director Dean DeBlois] took inspiration from the first Star Wars trilogy - not a bad model for breathing new life, and yes, a bit of fire, into one of Hollywood's more nuanced animated franchises.
1.0 Not only does this second movie match the charm, wit, animation skill and intelligent storytelling of the original, I think it even exceeds it.
0.875 One of the most beautiful animated films ever made.
0.8 Witty, rousing, heartwarming, sensational-looking, and at times touching, uplifting and even moving---and proof that Hollywood's still making movies that virtually all ages can enjoy, appreciate and admire.
1.0 An adventure for the eyes, and one forged with great imagination.
0.8 Just like the first film, when it's done you want to run out and pick up your own dragon.
0.75 While delivering the epic goods, the How to Train Your Dragon franchise continues to keep its eye on helping kids become better people, and that's a cause worth fighting for.
0.85 Dreamworks sure knows HOW to make a sequel: just add more dragons!
0.625 Can we give it a rating of PG-10 or PG-11?
1.0 More than just teaching kids what to think about the world they're coming into, it's a rare film that encourages them to think for themselves.
0.625 This was not a sequel that anybody needed, outside of the accountants. And there's another already planned.
0.875 One of this year's true surprises, the superior animated sequel not only is infused with the same independent spirit and off-kilter aesthetic that enriched the original, it also deepens the first film's major themes.
0.95 Provides a grandiose feeling that you're watching something truly special.
0.7 It takes what worked the first time and expands upon it, offering bigger, darker, more mature ideas without diminishing the original film.
0.625 Nothing in this likable sequel flies quite so high as those aerial shots.
0.875 Young and old fans of the first movie will be lining up for the wit, for the inventiveness of the characters, for the breathtaking visuals - and just the sheer fun of it all.
0.75 "How to Train Your Dragon 2" succeeds because it builds on, but doesn't try to replicate, the magic of the first movie.
0.625 It's just a bummer that such a pretty package lacks any real substance.
0.9 Offering a dramatically darker story, this feature serves as an animated homage to 'The Empire Strikes Back.'
0.9 In a summer filled with engaging entertainments, this is one of the best.
0.875 This is far removed from the innocent simplicity of its predecessor; How to Train Your Dragon 2 sees this series growing up -- quickly and for the better.
0.875 Not since Toy Story has an animated movie managed to feel so fresh and vibrant with its second helping.
0.875 This may be the first and last time anyone says this, but if "How to Train Your Dragon 2" is this good, why stop at 3 and 4?
1.0 The impressive part is the storytelling confidence of writer/director Dean DeBlois. He has created a thoughtful tale as meaningful for grown-ups as it is pleasurable for its young primary audience.
0.75 Nearly as exuberant as the original, How to Train Your Dragon 2 nimbly avoids sequel-itis.
0.75 Taking its cues as much from Star Wars and Game of Thrones as from its own storybook narrative, How to Train Your Dragon 2 breathes fire into a franchise sequel.
0.7 Toothless is so vividly, viscerally animated, I worry a child will look askance at her own humble dog and peevishly wonder why Fluffernutter can't fly, or at the very least breathe fire.
0.8 More emotional, exhilarating and expansive than the original. DreamWorks finally has a franchise to match its ambition.
0.875 For once, we have an animated sequel free of the committee-job vibe so common at every animation house, no matter the track record.
0.75 Gruesome? A little. Scary? You bet. But that's exactly what makes the "Dragon" films so different, and so much better, than the average children's fare.
0.75 How to Train Your Dragon 2 is a sequel that will inevitably be compared with its predecessor, and while it doesn't reach the level of that original film, it still acts as a decent continuation of the story.
0.75 DeBlois, who also wrote the script, successfully juggles the multiple story lines, shifting allegiances and uncharted lands.
0.875 Dragon 2, like The Empire Strikes Back, takes sequels to a new level of imagination and innovation. It truly is a high-flying, depth-charging wonder to behold.
0.2 'Bigger' pretty much describes this sequel to the 2010 sleeper hit - as opposed to, say, 'different.'
0.75 For audiences who want a sweet story, they can't beat the first film of a boy finding his best friend. For those who are ready for the next stage, try this one about a boy becoming a man.
0.6 It's the unflinching edge that gives the film its unexpected depth.
0.8 The film's real emotional heart comes from its unabashed fanboy love of dragons.
0.8 Overall, a very worthy follow-up.
0.875 The unusual second chapter that hits new heights in almost every way.
0.625 By taking its time in the 4 years since the 1st movie, Dreamworks has mounted a superior 2nd installment, one that gives heretofore untapped personality to its characters and an extra shot of heart to the touching, age-old tale of a Viking and his dragon.
0.75 The animation simply rules. Elegant and detailed, the film soars and whooshes with the craft that all animated movies should have.
0.9 An impressive sequel that leaves us cheering for the noble ideal of animals and humans living together in peace and harmony.
0.8 Flying high among this summer's blockbusters - it's enchanting!
0.8 As a reviewer who greeted the first film with lukewarm praise the reaction is much different this time. It joins that short list of sequels that surpass their originals.
0.75 Offers some stunningly beautiful sequences and an engaging, if at times quite dark, story line.
0.5 The plot is unfocused and jumbled, borrowing elements from other fantasy movies without bringing them together into a cohesive whole.
0.6 As far as animated action-adventure outings go, How to Train Your Dragon 2 is a solid and exciting offering for those to whom the franchise appeals.
0.75 "How to Train Your Dragon 2" doesn't play it safe, and that's why it's the rare sequel that doesn't feel somewhat stale.
0.95 How to Train Your Dragon 2 does what most sequels can't -- that is, it expands on the original while maintaining the core elements of what made the first film so great.
0.8 It seemed as if there was nowhere new to go after the first film, but this is a richer story that dares to go darker and is thus more rewarding.
0.625 OK, but the thin charms of the original are a little thinner this time out.
0.6 How to Train Your Dragon 2 is an exciting adventure with rousing animated action, but it lacks the emotional hook of its predecessor.
0.5 It has the core of a genuine crowd-pleaser, but unfortunately something bigger and more all-consuming keeps getting into its head.
0.6 Not all the heart-swelling flying sequences in the world can flap away the sensation of franchise fatigue here.
0.9 Heartfelt, funny, and captivating, this is a satisfying continuation of the first film.
0.9 You may experience that rare sense of wonder that comes from losing yourself in a proper, well told story.
0.8 DeBlois' powers haven't diminished ... he dares to go deeper, smarter and even darker, honing in on the elements that made the first film work.
0.6 When the film flies, it soars.
0.8 Behind the scenes look at theme parks and more.
0.8 It's as much horseplay as swordplay and, altogether, a witty delight.
0.8 Rightly regarded as one of the peaks of Kaye's career.
0.75 A flawlessly executed, beautifully designed genre parody.
0.8 A cracking jest, wonderfully enjoyable.
1.0 Terrific family fun.
0.6 If Danny Kaye doesn't find you wishing you had a gun on you, this is one of his better efforts.
0.7 The film has a few classic moments.
0.75 The movie is seeped in distinctive visuals, lavish photography and set design that recalls the wondrous texture of "Harry Potter." What, then, held them back on taking further creative opportunities with the story?
0.75 This latest rendition of "Alice in Wonderland" is a journey worth taking mainly to see Tim Burton's imagination at play. The story is so well-known, but you haven't seen it done quite in this way before.
0.4 Time to take some of Lewis Carroll's advice, Tim: eat me.
0.7 It's the kind of movie that should inspire you to get a Blu-ray player and hi-def television if you don't have them already.
0.75 That Johnny Depp's take on the Mad Hatter is comparatively one of the more subdued performances tells you just how out there Tim Burton's film is.
0.2 Lewis Carroll is bent over a table, tears filling beneath his eyes. Something in your heart breaks. Your childhood, perhaps?
0.625 ...an endeavor that's big on spectacle yet small on plot...
0.6 Despite stunning visuals and fine performances Alice in Wonderland never really goes anywhere. Or rather it goes somewhere we've all been before.
0.6 Even though Burton is unable to channel much suspense or awe, the film is a sumptuous visual delight. It all adds up to a mildly enjoyable adventure, sadly lacking in ambition.
0.4 A bland adventure fantasy, Alice in Wonderland may be pretty to look at, yet offers nothing more than Tim Burton's now generic and uninspired brand of filmmaking.
0.3 The Alice books gained fame for being totally unconventional, and you decide to make a totally conventional movie out of them?
0.5 Could have been called Alice in Blunderland, Burton's latest is inferior to the childish Disney feature in nearly every way.
0.8 A fun film with awesome visual design. I think that over time detractors will mellow and Burton's Alice will become a classic. Bandersnatches and Futterwackens not withstanding.
0.375 For all its noise and distractions and CG decal, this Wonderland is a zone void of imagination; it proves how relatively mind-blowing Avatar's Pandora actually was.
0.6 Johnny Depp, basicamente dependendo apenas da maquiagem e de proteses, investe numa composicao caricata como o personagem exige ao mesmo tempo em que se apresenta em cena como uma especie de filhote assustado de Madonna, Gene Wilder e Elijah Wood.
0.5 Anne Hathaway is ridiculously miscast as a deliberately weird White Queen, although the character is supposed to represent Good against the Red Queen's evil.
0.5 Kids will enjoy the characters and the 3D. But grownups? Well, not this grownup, who is a Tim Burton/Johnny Depp fan, and who expected more.
0.8 ...[Burton] made an Alice in Wonderland film that wasn't Alice in Wonderland. Kinda.
0.5 A head trip into blunderland.
0.375 Burton's personal stamp is missing. On Alice he is a director for hire, helping the Disney empire repurpose one of its animated properties and reinforce its 3-D bulkhead.
0.5 Vizualno atraktivan film prepun grotesknih likova i CGI-efekata o kojima se donedavno nije moglo sanjati
0.75 Alice in Wonderland is normally not my cup of tea, but I was happy I joined the tea party this time.
0.75 Alice in Wonderland lands in a comfortable zone that should accommodate both kids and adults.
0.4 La imaginacion visual de Tim Burton encuentra terreno fertil en los personajes de Lewis Carroll, pero el resultado luce poco original y sorpresivo. Quien se destaca es Helena Bonham Carter como la irritable Reina Roja.
0.2 What should have been an eye-popping and jaw-dropping dream combination of two celebrated fabulists is instead a dour and unpleasant disaster that reduces one of the great modern mythical tales into a ugly mess
0.5625 Tim Burton is the kind of director who probably does come up with six impossible things before breakfast. So it was a surprise to see him produce a film so lacking in joy, innovation and curiosity.
0.4 Alice In Wonderland may look fantastic, but there's little else going for it. It's emotionally cold, utterly predictable and there's never any sense of peril.
0.875 This may be the most fantastic, wondrous, and sinister realization of Alice's wonderland to date.
0.7 Burton treats the eyes and tickles the funny bone, no doubt, but the heart and mind are left wanting.
0.75 Burton manages to put his unique visual spin on the familiar elements of the story, although he never quite reaches the heights of Jefferson Airplane's immortal anthem "White Rabbit"
0.45 Quite tiresome in the end.
0.6 I found Tim Burton's Alice in Wonderland to be a treasure trove full of delight and near-amazement. The imagery is bold and ravishing. Alice in Wonderland is surreal and smashing.
0.5 Carroll's whimsical fantasy is transformed... into a bombastic action movie with traces of J.R.R. Tolkien.
0.4 The fact remains -- Alice doesn't live here anymore.
0.75 It's something like a post-modern tale of self-discovery, although it works better as a nutty fantasy than as anything with a point.
0.8 Pese al flojo argumento, visualmente el filme es una fiesta, rescatando el oscuro estilo Burtoniano pero asaltado ahora por la rebeldia del color en una direccion de arte realmente preciosista. En este contexto, la realizacion brillantemente hace justicia
0.75 (Burton)is the perfect person to put in charge of translating the magical world that Carroll created to the big screen.
0.625 Alice, a wonder to behold, but cold.
0.4 Tim Burton's latest assault on the senses is partially redeemed by Johnny Depp's brilliant acting.
0.9 ...enormously entertaining...Depp gives a performance that must be seen to be appreciated. He shows here that he is something special.
0.9 I didn't find it to be the masterpiece I'd hoped for. It's good. It's very good -- and there are flashes of greatness within it.
0.4 Great visuals, but lacking in story.
0.4 If there was one adjective I could pick to describe this new adaptation, it would be "dispirited"
1.0 21st Century Alice matures and enters The Matrix!
0.625 The visual splendor is more than enough to feast your eyes on, so it's too bad that the dialogue in the film couldn't live up to its look.
0.3 Alice in Wonderland reminds me most of Sleepy Hollow: empty, faux-atmospheric, and without soul.
0.8 I appreciate Burton's love for the characters as he expresses it through such creative wizardry. But, then, I also have a wistful feeling over the lightness of its total affect. A delicious snack but not quite a full meal.
0.5 Alice in Wonderland is a lovely display of Tim Burton's amazing offbeat aesthetics which win me over every time, but sadly doesn't make for very much of a film.
0.5 The off-kiltered Tim Burton version of Alice in Wonderland might frightened younger children, confuse older ones and bore the adults.
1.0 These aren't actors working in front of blue screens with obvious effects dubbed in later. You really are in Wonderland. Real life and CGI are seamless.
0.6 Lower your expectations, because Tim Burton has created a great canvas, just not a great film.
0.7 ...a feast for the mind, if not necessarily the intellect
0.625 This Alice is more Ripley, or Lara Croft, than timeless story heroine.
0.625 If you're taking pulls from the Blue Caterpillar's hookah atop his magic mushroom, you care more about Hot Pockets than narrative integrity.
0.625 The movie's strengths are the costumes, the makeup, the production design, the special effects, the vocal work and a terrific musical score by Danny Elfman that has a quality of magic and wonderment missing from the screenplay.
0.6 The images rival anything Burton has created for 'Big Fish' and 'Edward Scissorhands,' but the storytelling isn't quite as engagingly odd.
0.75 Alice is a really good time, as well as a great example of how 3-D can be effectively used as a tool to immerse us in imaginary worlds.
0.3 a new story out of Carroll's mythmaking that fails to inspire interest, perhaps except as a rote exercise in mainstream weirdness.
0.4 ...the visuals are overwhelming, the direction to most of the cast seems to be to chew the scenery, and we're back to a movie being released in 3D for no discernible reason.
0.4 Rather than a Wonderland full of terrifying adventures and deliciously absurd whimsy, Burton has created the Underland, a place of terrifyingly, yet lugubrious, bad filmmaking. He dispensed with the whimsy altogether.
0.625 A visually stimulating rendition that nevertheless comes off as lamentably timid.
0.25 There is very little to praise in what amounts to Burton's most mercenary movie.
0.75 He [director Tim Burton] beat the odds and made this Alice a real wonder.
0.6 Every bit of havoc and nonesuch is put in service of the story of Alice's feminist awakening, and it's about as exciting as it sounds.
0.5 It's become a common argument against Burton, this lack of dramatic drive, but it's true in this instance.
0.7 The beguiling Wasikowska tethers the arcane anarchy with weight and emotional clarity, anchoring us as moviegoers to Alice's plight in both universes, up and under.
0.375 Its single biggest failing -- an affront to Lewis Carroll and the charms of nonsense literature -- is the fact that it makes sense.
0.6 It's very cool to look at, Depp is entertaining, Helena Bonham Carter is memorably crazy, and the too-conventional you-go-girl plotline is just an add-on to the visual cake.
0.7 Despite its flaws, Wonderland is stuffed with more minute to minute amusement than you're likely to get in anything else drifting through theaters, in or out of the third dimension.
0.75 The true three-dimensionality here is the old-fashioned kind -- Wasikowska's fully rounded performance. Throughout the technical razzle-dazzle, we keep returning to the pallor of that face, the gravity in those eyes.
0.4 The picture is oddly flat -- a disjointed pageant of virtuoso effects. It's a triumph of design that falls short of wonderment.
0.5 Visually stunning and sporadically amusing, but lacks thrills, heart and cleverness. It's ultimately too scary for little kids and too unimaginative, pedestrian and bland for grown-ups.
0.75 Despite its sluggish start, "Alice" is an enchanting, witty and funny adventure filled with marvelous sights and set pieces.
0.8 All new 3-D Alice story is trippy and intense.
1.0 Burton and Disney have found a glorious way to interpret fairy tales and fantasies.
0.4 Purists will be perplexed and the average moviegoer ultimately disinterested by director Tim Burton's pedestrian spin of Lewis Carroll's 1865 classic.
0.375 It jumbles together a half-dozen or so other overproduced fantasies and wraps them up with typical, tiresome Disney bromides and just enough snippets from the originals to remind you of what you're missing.
0.75 Burton brings his distinctive touch and Johnny Depp, Mia Wasikowska and Helena Bonham Carter do their stuff but a hodgepodge of Hollywood conventionality lessens the wonder.
0.9 There are certain cine-marriages that generate an indelible spark all their own. Tracy & Hepburn, Bogie & Bacall -- and now we get Tim Burton & 3D, creating the world we hoped for, and so much more.
0.875 The trippy tale may divide audiences -- Burton's version remains a children's story, though some may find it too over-the-top and idiosyncratic -- but to Us, it's a visual feast
0.625 a decent movie, but not the amazing, mindblowing, set the world on fire, change your life and curl your toes film people expect and want.
0.5 This Alice is a dud. If you want to experience a strange, unworldly story%u2014something like Tim Burton films used to provide%u2014stay home and read the book.
0.6 Much of Carroll's magical nonsense remains, even if Burton's film wobbles at the gates of anarchy and ends up being a more average affair than many might expect.
0.75 Such a delightfully giddy, silly, delirious movie. Tim Burton isn't being "Tim Burton" but is just having fun again, scrambling up the expected pieces
0.4 Disney family fun with the odd carefully calculated dark patch. Fine on its own terms, but a let-down given the talent involved. Disappointinger and disappointinger.
0.4 I can't rid myself of the feeling that for all the funkily crepuscular mood that Burton creates, this is a pretty conventional work.
0.625 Rated PG, according to the MPAA, for fantasy violence and 'a smoking caterpillar.' The Jefferson Airplane would be proud; Lewis Carroll devotees, however, may be less than enthusiastic...
0.75 Impressive eye-candy, elaborate and gorgeously detailed in wall-to-wall CGI (the 3-D seems rather half-hearted though; this is one that won't suffer much in regular old 2-D).
0.5 The episodic nature of Lewis Carroll's Alice in Wonderland doesn't really lend itself to traditional three-act plotting, but screenwriter Linda Woolverton puts Alice through her Joseph Campbell reluctant-hero paces, and none of it ever sparks.
0.8 If it could be bottled up, the label would read "watch me."
0.75 A sumptuous, bar-raising cinematic portmanteau that both honors and complements the source material.
0.7 The film is like eating an amazing peanut butter and jelly sandwich except that Tim Burton forgot to cut off the crust. The beginning and the end could have been cut out.
0.4 The wavering tone is as uncertain as Alice's decision-making, while the added-on 3-D is a distraction and as unconvincing as the entire misconceived venture.
0.2 What's shocking about Alice in Wonderland is just how woefully conventional it all is.
0.6 Is Alice In Wonderland worth seeing? Yes, because it's a feast for the eyes. But the story needed to be more imaginative and involving for this to become a massive hit, and it's far from obvious whether it's aimed at children or adults.
0.4 Burton doesn't just hit the bottom of the barrel but drills through the wood and starts tunnelling. Its only saving grace are the arresting, if familiar, visuals.
0.6 It's nowhere near his best work but a superb voice cast, Helena Bonham Carter and a few moments of brilliance see it through.
0.625 It is time for Tim Burton to get his nose out of his own sketchbook.
0.2 You cannot believe the dreadfulness of Tim Burton's Alice in Wonderland - gifted director takes on gaga script - until you see it. Enchantment has gone thataway.
0.875 IBurton and Woolverton pursue a message of self-fulfilment, not as vigorously as they might chase a rabbit but to the same delightful end.
0.4 Burton, once a master of CGI, has gradually become its servant, or at least has allowed the studio to. The madcap ringmaster of Gothic phantasmagoria does not exert his individual stamp on a book one might have thought he was born to film.
0.7 CGI has not been good to Tim Burton. The ability to see every unrestrained nuance of his vision fulfilled has robbed his films of the creative zest and inventive verve which marked his earlier classics.
0.6 Burton's Alice In Wonderland joins the ranks of Return To Oz and Hook in confirming that it's rarely a good idea to return to the scene of a classic novel unless you have something new and exciting to bring.
0.6 After the first 45 minutes, the film becomes as tedious as Johnny Depp's accent.
0.8 This magical world looks fantastic, especially in 3D.
0.75 It's a workmanlike effort that will enchant all but the youngest children while holding the interest of parents. That, by definition, makes for a worthwhile family outing.
0.4 You would think that a director like Burton would be at home in the Lewis Carroll universe, and maybe that is part of the problem.
0.75 Faithful to Lewis Carroll's vision or not, I liked the ride Tim Burton took me on here.
0.5 A regretful dud, a fantasy without magic and very little heart and soul.
0.65 Did Burton get bored in Wonderland? The end result is a movie that is decently enjoyable escapism, but entirely forgettable in the long run.
0.5 this parable of how Alice must find the balls to chart her own path through the patriarchy of her Victorian wood to become a real, bona fide, 1960s-era bra-burner.
0.4 It's more of a blunder than a wonder.
0.6 An exotic adventure tale about a young woman's trip to an alternate reality and the testing of her will power, resourcefulness, and courage in the face of weirdness and danger.
0.625 Burton, one of the great visual artists in Hollywood history, is incapable of making an uninteresting movie. Still, I'm not looking forward to the sequel promised in the last scene.
0.625 Even Disney and a PG rating can't bury Burton's subversive wit. Like Carroll, he's a master at dressing up psychic wounds in fantasy.
0.5 Indecision haunts every frame. The result is a clattering, hectic spectacle that by the end has run out of inspiration. It's a home for abandoned ideas.
1.0 A, my name is Alice, and my movie is amazing.
0.875 Though it has a few moments where you can see Burton's imagination giving way to Disney convention, along with a bit of trademark Burton darkness, the pleasures of Alice are virtually always unexpected.
0.75 Carroll purists are likely to dismiss this Alice as spuriouser and spuriouser. But who expects a faithful adaptation of a literary classic from Timothy Beetlejuice?
0.5 The sweetly surreal feeling of those original books has been lost. What always felt like an English garden party gone slightly off has been replaced by the grotesque and the Gothic and the overdone.
0.75 In many respects, this is the most crowd-pleasing Burton film in many years.
0.7 Visually fascinating yet perturbing and scary, it's not a very young children's movie, despite the PG rating.
0.5 In its big-budget extraordinariness, Alice is awfully...ordinary.
0.6 A disappointment that's still worth seeing, Alice in Wonderland lands near the higher end of Burton's lesser work.
0.4 It's just hard to know why Mr. Burton, who doesn't seem much interested in Alice, bothered.
0.0 Combines the heavy-handed clamminess of unneeded brand remarketing with the hateful hollowness of overdone and empty computer-generated imagery. ... With Burton's uninspired, underdone and underwritten version, you only feel like you're watching money.
0.8 Burton treats his material with abandon, but not contempt, and he has brought his Mad Hatter's imagination to a new generation who have not yet read the books.
0.5 This Wonderland is just listless, bland and derivative -- a mere technical undertaking from a disinterested filmmaker.
0.6 Sadly Lewis lite and not without flaws but this is as Burtonesque as one could wish for, a real treat for fans of his twisted imagination and great British character actors.
0.4 unfulfilling
0.625 The film is always fun, but as Carroll might have observed, it's not much of a muchness.
0.6 What a letdown.
0.4 One pill makes you larger and one pill makes you small, and the pills Tim Burton gives you don't do very much at all.
0.8 [Depp's] wide eyes and high whimsy feel a bit derivative of his Willy Wonka (another collaboration with Burton), but he invests so much of his ample energy and instinct in these roles that it's hard to complain.
0.5 The most wondrous thing about director Tim Burton's take on the Lewis Carroll classic is how lacking in wonder it all is.
0.6 "Frabjous" may be a word Carroll invented, but Burton knows just what it means, at least in his own mind. He's clearly excited to invite us inside, and as long as you're open to so much muchness, you'll be very glad he did.
0.4 Considering what a to-do this massively budgeted entertainment is, that doesn't add up to much. "Curiouser and curiouser," indeed.
0.25 It might be time for Johnny Depp and Tim Burton to start thinking about seeing other people.
0.5 A stiff movie ... finds a way to make a lot of really weird stuff surprisingly boring.
0.5 Here's a riddle: What's Alice in Wonderland without wonder? It's a beloved character landing in the rubble of wrong-headed revisionism.
0.5 Did no one bother to mention to Burton that Lewis Carroll's 1865 story was not a Lord of the Rings primer but, in fact, a comedy?
0.6 Tim Burton's creative juices run dry in a decidedly boring and bland interpretation of Alice in Wonderland.
0.8 A sharply detailed, wondrously three-dimensional fantasy in which its maker intuitively grasps so much of what's good about the tale while simultaneously blind to what makes it great.
0.625 Alice in Wonderland isn't quite the natural fit of director and material that it seemed to be on paper, but most of Burton's recent movies have been far more disappointing.
0.75 Its best and strangest interludes assert Burton's skills as a fantasist, as well as Depp's as a squirrely, inventive character actor.
0.75 Alice plays better as an adult hallucination, which is how Burton rather brilliantly interprets it until a pointless third act flies off the rails.
0.6 Alice in Wonderland is something of a mixed bag -- it's worth seeing for the effects and performances but it's badly let down by a very disappointing script.
0.6 An entirely suitable marriage of material and filmmaker.
0.6 Amid the visual pleasures, the plot additions feel limiting.
0.625 Tweedlee and Tweedledum could have come up with a more compelling pseudo-sequel concept and crafted a more cohesive narrative.
0.75 Purists will squeal, but it's a workable and watchable liberty to take with an oft-filmed yet impossible to film novel.
0.8 Carroll purists and freshman English majors may be aghast at the change in story, but for those who watched Avatar and marveled at the images but were left wanting by the wooden acting and tired story, Alice is a treat.
0.5 It's as though the script meeting was held at the Mad Hatter's tea party, with all the ideas put in teacups and thrown against the wall - all of them seem to have stuck but in no particular order.
0.6 Kids will drool at Burton's spectacle - grown-ups too - but they might also find this isn't the nostalgia trip they hoped for. Where's the bottle marked 'Feel Me'?
0.8 A wildly inventive film straitjacketed in conventional narrative form.
0.8 Although the simplistic plot has been done before and smacks of Narnia and Lord Of The Rings, Burton's Alice In Wonderland is family fantasy/adventure at its Gothic best.
0.6 The visual inventiveness in this film is so impressive that it almost makes up for the ill-conceived script, which tries to turn Lewis Carroll's classic tales into a Lord of the Rings-sized post-apocalyptic adventure epic.
0.4 The most curious thing about this magical realist fable is how charmless and ultimately forgettable it turns out to be in the hands of Tim Burton.
0.4 A bore and an affront to anyone who is even familiar with the concept of Lewis Carroll and his books.
0.6 Curiouser and curiouser -- but then, mixing fantasy and free enterprise has always been the Disney way.
0.6 The challenge of reinventing Alice in Wonderland sees Tim Burton reinvigorated and refreshed. Visually stunning and filled with a delightfully deranged group of inhabitants, Burton's immensely enjoyable Wonderland is well worth a visit.
0.6 Wasikowska is a standout in the title role. And, as to be expected, Depp thrives as the Mad Hatter.
0.6 It's a shame Burton gets his Lewis Carroll mixed up with his Tolkien and CS Lewis. Still, the film's 3D visuals are fun to look at.
0.8 An explosion in the crazy factory, the giddy Alice in Wonderland more than justifies its hype.
0.9 ...it is The Red Queen, played by Bonham Carter that shines the brightest. Her childlike villain is brilliantly played in all its giant head glory
0.5 There's a lot to look at in Burton's Alice in Wonderland, but nothing that's worth remembering.
0.625 Tim Burton's version of Alice in Wonderland is a succession of fantastically gothic pranks--noisy, exhausting, and under-realized, but also frequently dazzling and frightening.
0.55 People who enjoy high fantasy like Carroll's classic work are more than happy to experience the insanity, but don't necessarily want to be driven insane themselves.
0.2 A bona fide, bums-in-the-air fiasco that needs to be burned and the ashes hurtled off in the direction of the nearest black hole as soon as you can, NASA.
0.4 Suffering from a severe deficiency of wonder, this Alice is by turns loud, lifeless and lacklustre, and so what should have been the perfect marriage of moviemaker and material instead does justice to neither.
0.6 You're not going to lose yourself in the story or the characters but visually Alice in Wonderland is a series of moving artworks that are a joy to gaze upon despite lacking any depth, even in 3D.
0.4 Tim Burton tosses $150 million down the rabbit hole with this gorgeously rendered -- but utterly disposable -- CGI epic.
0.9 Director Tim Burton returns to his 'A' game with this magnificent, visually stunning movie that is not only one of his best, it is indeed a wonder.
0.8 The closest you'll get to absolute madness without being locked in a room with padded walls...a wondrous piece of escapism.
0.8 Alice in Wonderland is a lovingly filmed and meticulously crafted interpretation of Lewis Carroll's treasured tale, rife with fantasy, coated in gothic iconography and presented by a superb cast who nail their characters' portraits.
0.8 Charming, wordless, book-based holiday fable for all ages.
0.1 This wannabe epic is forgettable, bland and way too long.
0.625 "John Carter" is certainly an interesting idea for a film, with a power struggle on an alien world and an outsider affecting the balance, but sadly it never ends up fully working.
0.8 If Cecil B. DeMille were alive today and given the chance to direct a special effects-laden fantasy adventure on Mars, he might have made something similar to Andrew Stanton's visually stunning epic "John Carter."
0.9 One of the best sci-fi fantasy films in a long, long time.
0.6 John Carter is a visual delight at times, but the classic story is tiresome and the characters are largely unmemorable, leaving a cold, only occasionally thrilling experience.
0.625 An undeniable disaster...of marketing. Join me on a tour of media headaches, and why they don't necessarily reflect the quality of the movie itself. [Blu-ray 3D]
0.8 Under Stanton's care 'John Carter' is the kind of tremendous fun-filled film that's worth going to the theater to see.
0.8 John Carter is for fans of pure, joyous, escapist, adventure cinema. Seeing John Carter unfamiliar with the text; it's very clear that the original text has influenced a hell of a lot of Sci-fi flicks that we've seen before.
0.75 OK, they botched the title. But not the movie itself.
0.5 Isn't the disaster some industry observers predicted, but it's not the high-gloss masterpiece some of us hoped for either.
0.5 I understand John Carter likes being on Mars (superpowers + hot, intelligent princess). I just don't want to be there with him.
0.875 John Carter is an instant classic... Disney should be ashamed of themselves for treating Mars like a red-headed step planet.
0.5 A bloated sci-fi epic from Disney that's made watchable by swell effects, passable performances and those little dashes of humor that reassure us that the filmmakers know this is all a lark.
0.8 Manages to overcome an inflated running time and occasional bouts of cuteness by remembering and embracing its pulp fiction roots as an 'interplanetary romance.'
0.4 The finished entity feels like a rip-off of a film that ripped-off several rip-offs of Carter's own ancient source material.
0.5 ...the movie's disappointingly flat atmosphere [is] perpetuated by Kitsch's competent yet bland work...
1.05 As one of Pixar's star players, Stanton is an experienced cinematic storyteller, which is why it's disappointing that his first live-action project is so unwieldy at times.
0.375 an awesome folly, a misguided project of genuinely enormous proportions that feels like exactly what it is: an impersonal product of franchise-hungry corporate culture
0.5 Romance, action, humor, and even some philosophical gristle: Is war a cosmic constant? Is anything worth fighting for?
0.5 [Provides] dumbfounding sci-fi vistas in admirable quantity if not quite in creativity.
0.6 With this production budget, you'd think someone in the creative chain might have detected that there was too much dramatic dithering in the screenplay, but entertainment factors survive.
0.7 Ignore the naysayers, this is a very enjoyable action adventure
0.875 Great fun as we endure scrape after scrape in this wild, near-hallucinatory landscape, and director Stanton finds the right balance of cheerful solemnity and cheeky humor.
0.7 It is fascinating to spend time with this visualization of Burroughs's Mars/Barsoom.
0.4 With a narrative as flat and barren as the red martian landscape, John Carter is a big-budget sci-fi spectacle that fails to excite or entertain.
0.8 ... great fun ...
0.7 It's too bad that Burroughs' ideas don't seem quite as fresh now that others have outraced Carter to the big screen.
0.5 A film version of John Carter has been in the works since 1931. That means Hollywood has had 81 years to get a decent script together and this is the best they could do?
0.4 Based on a 1912 Edgar Rice Burroughs novel, John Carter is an overlong, muddled mess of a film that should've waited another hundred years for a good script.
0.625 There are some fantastic sights in John Carter, but there's also a lot of overkill, with Stanton and crew often cluttering up the visuals with the deranged frenzy of George Lucas retooling his Star Wars sagas.
0.5 I felt like there was this awesome party going on that I just didn't have an invitation to. It seems that if you'd read the books, this would have been awesome.
0.4 There's no surer-fire way for a film to ink its own $250-million obituary than by contrasting itself to two of Hollywood's most titanic films when it only has half the heart, soul and story of either one.
0.6 There is no real sense of connection between human and alien - like between the Na'vi and Jake Sully - that would have pulled John Carter out of the grandiose B-movie league.
0.6 Chega a surpreender que uma narrativa tao absurda em essencia tambem possa ser tao lenta e frequentemente entediante.
0.8 John Carter is a product of a simpler time, when sense of adventure was paramount, and the film has this in spades.
0.7 A thoroughly entertaining adaptation of Burroughs's second most famous literary creation, with enough adventure and humor to satisfy all but those who are wholly dead inside.
0.7 The entire story behind John Carter is the essence of high concept, especially in the day and age it was originally created... a blast of a film.
0.5 It isn't that John Carter is bad, it's just really mediocre. And mediocrity is deadly in this genre.
0.5 Director Andrew Stanton, making his first live-action feature after the successful Pixar animated films FINDING NEMO and WALL-E, hasn't been able to bring anything very new to the familiar story of battles among rival forces on another planet:
0.4 Stanton should go back to making machines talk. He puts much more humanity into them than he manages to extract from Burroughs, even with all that nostalgia working for him.
0.4 John Carter's hard-to-follow story and terrible dialogue leaves it on par with that cheesy Flash Gordon remake from the 1980s.
0.1 Wall-E and Finding Nemo director Andrew Stanton must shoulder the blame for this over-bloated disaster. It's impossible to care about the protagonists, played by the helplessly wooden Kitsch and Collins.
0.6 There's a delightfully unfashionable cheesiness about John Carter, a film for all the family, but in particular sci-fi fantasy geeks and older gentlemen who have never been able to relinquish the spiffing derring-do of Burroughs.
0.7 Go for the spectacle, go for the fun, just don't expect anything as significant as the impact made by Burroughs' books.
0.25 all that's missing is a senate debate and a pod race.
0.8 This is an old-fashioned movie told with cutting-edge technology and while it is easy to be cynical about such a lightweight plotline, it is refreshing to see a movie that approaches its subject with an authentic, wide-eyed sense of wonder.
0.375 Disney and director Andrew Stanton may have dusted off the creaky franchise and wrapped it in $300 million worth of 3-D digital effects, but the final product still feels like ancient history.
0.5 It's got the schmaltz and grandeur of the 80s Clash of the Titans but little of the warm wonder that made that spectacle such an addiction.
0.75 This hodgepodge falls together neatly, because we know the film will go exactly where we want it to go, right down to the intervention by a faithful, comic animal sidekick (a Pixar specialty).
0.6 Mars-based action epic has strong fantasy violence.
0.75 Fortunately for viewers, the film is directed by Pixar sensation Andrew Stanton (Finding Nemo, WALL-E), and the visual effects are, literally, out of this world.
0.75 Directed and co-written by Andrew Stanton of "Finding Nemo," "Toy Story" and "Monsters, Inc." fame, the fun but sometimes confusing "John Carter" may launch the next big sci-fi-adventure franchise.
0.75 Since its story inspired every mainstream fantasy right up to Avatar, John Carter may seem a little old-fashioned, but it's a solid piece of fantasy entertainment that's equal parts corny and poignant.
0.625 Comical Woola, a faithful dog-like creature that travels at Road Runner superspeed, steals every scene. He's the 'John Carter' equivalent of Uggie, and the movie, sad to say, needs him.
0.875 John Carter, a rousing science-fiction adventure adapted from Edgar Rice Burroughs' early 20th-century pulp novels, is a rare bird that's at the same time strikingly modern and engagingly old-fashioned.
0.75 "John Carter" enthusiastically remains a pulp story at heart.
0.75 Visionary and philosophical, with the sort of complex allusions to death, immortality and the destruction of civilizations that you don't expect from a $250 million film.
0.625 Whenever the fighting stops and two people have to stand and talk, all the air goes out of everything. Suddenly it feels as if we're in an empty theater, watching a dusty old sword-and-sandal epic.
0.375 "John Carter's" biggest miscalculation is the casting of Taylor Kitsch as Carter. He is too soft and wooden. He lacks the gravitas needed to be an inspirational leader, no matter how high or far he can jump in Barsoom's lesser gravity.
1.05 While we can still marvel at the amazing sights laid out before us, it is imperative that we never lose sight of who's who and what's at stake. That turns out to be a tall order.
0.8 Saturday afternoon matinee fun. Think Conan the Barbarian clashing with the gods of Clash of the Titans who are conquering Mars, Gladiator style.
0.5 Director Stanton has yet to find his rhythm in this new-to-him discipline. Though the 3D Mars-scape and fantastical creatures offer fun viewing ... he can't quite conquer the human beast.
0.58 John Carter is arriving late to the party, after George Lucas had already pillaged the source material and squeezed it for every dollar it was worth. Stanton has created a sci-fi adventure that feels both old hat and sub-par.
0.75 I just had fun at John Carter. Stupid, old school, science fiction fun. It's the kind of science fiction that doesn't get bogged down in the science part and fully embraces the fiction.
0.5 This is truly a story I'd rather go to the library and read then watch again.
0.6 For all of the love and money lavished upon John Carter it ends up feeling a touch musty and overly familiar.
0.5 Confusing and, at times, positively frustrating, John Carter is a film that screams too much post-production tinkering. During the screening, I actually turned to Film Fix co-host Jeff Marker and asked him if we had missed a reel.
0.125 If John Carter was a date, you would be running off to the bathroom to call a friend, so the friend would call you ten minutes later with an "emergency", so you could get away.
0.5 Surprisingly humorless, unevenly jumbled fantasy - Blame it on solar flares!
0.5 It isn't bad so much as innocuous, $250-million worth of innocuous, framed by a decent start and a solid finish but sagging through the long middle like a cheap mattress.
0.5 Please fight somebody, John! At least it'll stop them from talking.
0.625 Though messy and overlong, it's an enjoyable throwback to the movie spectacles of a more innocent age.
0.25 Gets off to such an incoherent start that it takes almost the entire, interminable two-hour-plus running time to catch up.
0.5 It's easy to be fascinated with how John Carter looks, but it's difficult to get emotionally involved.
0.625 Like any template, it has the skeleton but is missing the meat.
0.75 Suffers from a convoluted plot and an anticlimactic resolution, but hits enough high notes along the way to be enjoyable.
0.5 The villains are overwrought and the design of Mars is surprisingly bland.
0.25 "Thank God that's over with!" one character utters near the end of "John Carter." No spoken words have ever been truer.
0.6 Kitsch...makes for an excellent hero, even managing to make a loincloth look like this year's must-have item.
0.6 Incredibly well made and heroically performed. It also really delivers when it comes to creating a strange alien world.
0.0 Stanton's screenwriting skills are, on this evidence, slightly below those of George Lucas, so there's plenty of clunky exposition and such inadvertent laugh-lines as: 'I would lay down my life for Helium.'
0.75 The visuals are stunning, the battles are exciting and the supporting cast is strong. Why, then, did Disney stupidly do everything they could to ensure that it would fail?
0.25 There's nothing to see, nothing to think about, nothing to care about, and nothing to feel, just emptiness. The emptiness is never filled over the course of 132 long, barren minutes.
0.2 Amazing how little a century of anticipation and $250 million buys out these days
0.4 There's a lot of hokey fun in old pulp stories like Burroughs', but John Carter fails to capture any of that charm.
0.4 Like watching a storm; yes there are flashes of lightning but most of the time you're just staring at boring grey clouds. After enduring the 132 minutes of John Carter tug-of-war it's not a complete win for team terrible but pretty damn close.
0.6 Messy and chaotic ... but also colorful and kind of fun.
0.625 Kitsch, best known for TV's "Friday Night Lights," proves able to front a movie. The Canadian is as reliable as "Avatar" lead Sam Worthington, with a mix of good looks, brawn and generic heroism.
0.4 It starts with a great story - of love and politics, time travel and mystical pathways between planets - badly sucked dry.
0.5 There's a lot of coming and going in 'John Carter,' and most of the time I wasn't exactly sure where they're coming from or going to.
0.6 All of these characters, and the richly detailed backdrops, are utterly immersive and lifelike - even without the completely unnecessary 3-D.
0.25 It's hard to believe Pixar's founder would have signed off on this project. The film is as overcomplicated, bloated and crash-prone as a bad-old-days Microsoft release.
0.625 There's something generic about the digitally rendered Martians (whatever their stripe and skin tone), and there's a corniness to the dialogue that keeps the audience from any kind of emotional attachment to the Tharks and Zodangans and their ilk.
0.625 "Carter" is so good-natured, and so goofy, that it's hard to completely dislike. But impossible, I think, to understand.
0.75 Against the odds, "John Carter'' is itself pretty amazing - an epic pulp saga that slowly rises to the level of its best imitations and wins you over by degrees.
0.4 For Pixar prodigy Andrew Stanton directing and co-writing, it was obviously a labour of love. But for two hours, as with any problem birth, we get more labour than love.
0.625 "John Carter" may not be a perfect movie, but it's one where you can safely plunk down your money, grab your box of popcorn and come away reasonably satisfied when the closing credits roll.
0.8 A true thinking man's thrill ride.
0.25 It looks as if Disney simply borrowed and recycled the sets of Prince of Persia and Gladiator, adding leftover props from The Phantom Menace and Cowboys and Aliens.
0.8 Sets a high standard for the event movies to follow.
0.75 John Carter is so eager to please that, despite its overblown execution, it still manages to feel intimate and fun.
0.7 Disney bet a whopping $250 million on this becoming its next big franchise, and personally, I'm hoping audiences fall for this displaced yet dashing Southern gentleman and his newfound life abroad.
0.375 Even genre film lovers have standards, and "John Carter" doesn't meet them.
0.625 Like its four-armed Tharks and its ten-legged Calot, this adaptation of Edgar Rice Burroughs's series of sci-fi novels has too many moving parts for its own good.
0.2 I felt as if someone had dragged me into the kitchen of my local Greggs, and was baking my head into the centre of a colossal cube of white bread.
0.6 While "John Carter" is undeniably silly, sprawling and easy to make fun of, it's also playful, genuinely epic and absolutely comfortable being what it is. In this genre, those are virtues as rare as a cave of gold.
0.625 I liked it, and if you're a sci-fi/fantasy fan, you'll probably like it even more.
0.4 It looks fantastic and youngsters may find the exotic universe compelling enough but the result is sadly soulless and unexciting.
0.4 The overriding feeling with John Carter is that there is an epic film to be made from this material, but this just isn't it.
0.4 It feels less like a revival of a classic saga than a rip-off twice removed. Almost everything on screen is old hat, and the few details that have remained fresh for the past 100 years haven't been imitated for good reason.
0.8 An oft-confusing, occasionally silly mega-expensive thrill ride that, for sheer audacity, is the biggest thing to come down the cinematic pike since Avatar.
0.625 Beautifully-realized visuals nearly make up for the well-worn story in this Disney adaptation of the Edgar Rice Burroughs character.
0.75 Not your grandfather's John Carter.
0.5 The difference with Indiana Jones or Pirates of the Caribbean is that most of their action is memorable and filtered through a charismatic hero who fills in the downtime. The flat turns the story takes make it more The Adjustment Bureau meets Spaceballs.
0.625 Often feels silly but only occasionally fun.
0.8 This lavish production of Tarzan creator Edgar Rice Burrough's space adventure has much to recommend it.
0.375 A cheesy looking (the 3-D adds nothing to the picture) quasi-epic filled with dullish characters and chaotically staged action scenes.
0.5 The major problem here is one of rooting interest. I hate to sound like a mogul, or a focus group ho, but at the center of this picture is a flat, inexpressive protagonist played by a flat, inexpressive actor.
0.625 The action sequences are generally well-executed, but they're too much of a muchness. CGI makes them seem too facile and not tactile enough.
0.6 It overcomes the adversity of cliche by being exciting and mildly intelligent, with a sufficient amount of humour and heart.
0.75 ...has more personality than anyone should rightly expect from a two-hour-plus, CGI-heavy, sci-fi fantasy epic.
0.375 Yes, there is life on Mars in "John Carter," and it's deadly dull.
0.4 It's sometimes wondrous and often amazingly goofy.
0.85 A modern pulp adventure in the classic Spielberg and Lucas vein, John Carter is exactly what pointless entertainment should be but often isn't
0.85 Andrew Stanton has created a fantastic and magical epic that makes "John Carter" the rightful heir to the Star Wars legacy.
0.75 John Carter manages to be a ridiculous amount of fun, even if you are immune to the charms of Taylor Kitsch running around in what amounts to a stylish loincloth.
0.5 Somehow, despite that boatload of talent, the movie never really comes together.
0.6 Director Andrew Stanton has a strong sense of what makes "adventure" adventurous, helping John Carter encapsulate everything about a great time at the movies.
0.4 The film is at least half-an-hour too long and is often as dull as Will Smith's repulsively silly Wild Wild West.
0.6 An adventure that feels real and fantastical at the same time.
0.8 Beautifully designed and impressively directed, this is a thoroughly enjoyable, emotionally engaging space opera with an intelligent script, strong characters, terrific special effects and superb performances from Taylor Kitsch and Lynn Collins.
0.4 Aside from a few inspired vistas and alien life-forms, John Carter is as deadly dull as its basso-voiced, beefcake slab of a star.
0.25 It's hard to care about anything going on in this shapeless would-be franchise, which lurches from scene to scene without building any real excitement.
0.125 It's both abrupt and languorous, a wall-to-wall exhibition of design work where nobody had the basic decency to make sure the designs were good.
0.6 Lavish and lengthy, it has the spectacle and spirit of a Saturday matinee movie but not its fleetness or fun.
0.8 For me, this is the first movie of its kind in a very long time that I'd willingly sit through a second or even third time.
0.8 A terrific time at the movies. Comes a lot closer to being on-par with the beloved sci-fi movies of our youth than most modern blockbusters.
0.6 A very entertaining, unusual and loveable mess.
0.6 Just about every sci-fi/fantasy/superhero adventure you ever loved is in here somewhere.
0.9 A fun story, impressive alien world, and cool 3D effects make John Carter a surprise treat that may not have been on your radar.
0.4 Arid, barren Barsoom is a dull environment for a sci-fi blockbuster, and the consequences of the conflicts happening on screen are small. John Carter just never pulled me in.
0.6 A handsome new sci-fi adventure that feels rather familiar. Enjoyable enough while it lasts, John Carter is big on ambition and disappointingly short on action.
0.4 The story veers between interesting, boring and borderline incomprehensible.
0.8 John Carter is a fantastic fusion of old-fashioned adventure excitement and modern blockbuster spectacle. In short, it's wonderful.
0.8 Lynn Collins's feisty Dejah Thoris is the best kick-ass sci-fi princess since Leia
0.8 When John Carter moves up the gears it's an accomplished blockbuster packed with pulse-racing action.
0.5 Perhaps the sequel - if we ever get there - will fill in the gaps and expand on John Carter's legend now all the expositional heavy-lifting has been done. But is that an acceptable excuse for an epic to be this underwhelming?
0.8 John Carter is a fun blockbuster. There is fun in its action scenes, in its jaw dropping imagery and especially in its surprising sense of humour that Andrew Stanton melds well with its brand of sci-fi spectacular.
0.8 This dark coming-of-age story is a unique romp.
0.25 4 stars for bad-movie buffs, 1 star for the rest of humanity.
0.375 This is, without exaggeration, one of the single worst films ever made, which hasn't prevented it from becoming a cult classic.
0.0 Who knew this would be the pinnacle of Pia Zadora's career?
0.6 Adults may find it obvious and as square-cut as cheese. But let's face it. From now till you-know-when, the youngsters are all that matter.
0.5 White Christmas on a red planet, and not as bad as some people insist.
0.2 shot in that hopeless, bad filmmaking style ... with the delayed, artificial rhythm of a trans-Atlantic phone call
0.0 Low expectations met.
0.6 I can't help it I love it!
0.8 Classic Crap
0.2 The plot, such as it is, proves it is possible to insult the intelligence of a three-year-old.
0.4 Oz prequel has sweet message, cloying songs.
0.8 The final instalment, Deathly Hallows Part 2, is a bravura duel between good and evil. It's also a cathartic, occasionally clunky nostalgiafest.
0.75 Come the conclusion, tears no doubt will be shed, probably by those more devoted than I. Whether they cry because of overwhelming emotion or in mourning an era's end, I'm not sure. Probably both.
0.875 It's a bittersweet end as the final adaptation of the beloved books hits the big screen. Expect tears, both from nostalgia and some truly amazing storytelling.
0.8 For 10 years and eight films we've gotten to watch these young actors grow as people, as performers and as characters. It has been a true coming-of-age saga, in the fullest and most moving sense of the term.
0.75 The most enduring aspect of the Harry Potter films, and the reason this one works, is the acting of its three young leads.
0.6 It certainly went out making its presence felt, but in my opinion, though there were explosions aplenty, a few deaths, and everyone inevitably ended up with who they should, I felt it ended with more of a fizz than a bang.
0.6 The grand finish, if not always inspired, feels necessary. In a sustained, imaginative way, this is the best of any movie series.
0.5 Sadly, though, the finale isn't the spectacle the series really deserves, and I feel fans will gloss over the film's dull points and poor direction in favour of facing the reality that 'the Deathly Hallows Part 2' is an average affair.
0.6 As to the three principals, they've grown up with the Potter saga and have done so reasonably gracefully.
0.875 When the time comes to face Harry's fate, Radcliffe confidently, casually shows how much he's matured as an actor.
0.85 I for one am glad to see Harry Potter come to a close. It was one of the most reliable film franchises ever to go beyond a trilogy, even at its spottiest, and I imagine that an entire generation will look back on it with fond memories.
1.0 Yates strikes a beautiful harmony to make the most of the storytelling and the technology.
0.8 Thankfully, Yates gives us one wonderful final voyage with Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2, a smashing, melancholy, and thoroughly satisfying conclusion to the eight-film saga.
1.0 The seven films to date have earned almost a billion dollars each, so it's obvious their followers are legion. But this is also a series that takes itself seriously, never more so than in this, the deathly finale.
0.875 Radcliffe's interpretation of Harry has been exemplary, truly amazing when you think about it.
1.0 This enthralling film ends the series on a high note, exceeding expectations and delivering a fine conclusion to the films.
0.8 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2 is a bittersweet parting for the Boy Who Lived, an excellent finale for the popular boy wizard who has captured the hearts of so many people.
0.625 Passable, well-acted, but not one of the best films of the series.
0.8 The movie ... manages to be a worthy ending to what has become one of the greatest film franchises ever released.
0.75 Part 2 ends up being a worthy note for this decade-long franchise to go out on with a satisfying conclusion to bid farewell to these enduring characters.
0.875 What truly unifies this ten-year, eight-film saga is the sense of kinship with its lead trio of young wizards.
0.8 Ending the light fantastic
0.8 A wonderfully rich adaptation of the final book's last act, but the central focus on the three leads might leave some fans disappointed, especially those seeking a more thorough adaptation.
0.7 For the most part, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part II picks up right where Part I, the franchise's shining beacon on a hill, leaves off.
0.81 It all ends. And to be sure, it's a fitting end for the storied franchise.
0.625 Fiennes and Rickman get the actorly moments they've been building toward for so long, and the film is most fun when it sticks to mechanics: roller coaster rides, battle scenes, close calls.
0.875 For the most part, the final movie delivers the combination of emotional intensity and rousing battle sequences befitting the end of a phenomenon that evolved from an unexpectedly popular children's book series to an era unto itself.
1.0 While swept up in the desperate search for Horcruxes, Yates allows us to feel once more as though we are very much in the middle of things, but, alas, it was a trick and a false hope, because in the end...it was, irrevocably, THE END.
0.6 This is exactly what you would expect - a perfect and exciting ending for those who have been following the franchise. Those who couldn't care less probably stopped reading ages ago.
0.8 It makes a fitting conclusion to a series that most of the film-going public has been following for over a decade.
0.8 An emotional, have-a-hanky-handy experience for many viewers as characters they've come to know, love and care about make their collective exit.
0.875 Back in the first movie, Mr. Ollivander told a young Harry that we should expect great things from him. With the cinematic conclusion ten years later, he's been proven right.
0.7 The successful run of a franchise such as this is truly a rare feat in Hollywood. Take a bow, folks.
0.9 ...as the ads suggest, it really does all end here for both the genuine and stimulatingly fictitious kids who have grown up dealing with the fulfilling assortment of thrills... horrors, action and laughs so easily generated in the "Potter" movies,
0.8 a very substantial fantasy film, perhaps even beyond the level of one of the LORD OF THE RINGS films. With one major omission the series comes to a satisfying and frequently spectacular conclusion.
0.7 A fitting farewell for all the zillions of Harry Potter fans; not the best HP movie but one of the best.
0.6 ... Yates and company deserve credit for delivering the goods -- generally.
0.75 delivers precisely what most viewers will be looking for: battles, suspense, revelations, and, most importantly, a fitting, emotionally satisfying conclusion that is entirely in keeping with Rowling's novel.
0.875 The series now has the power to deserve comparison to The Lord of the Rings.
0.8 Ralph Fiennes is AWESOME in this movie.
0.8 If these movies have done nothing else, they have shown great skill in playing directly to a target audience, never swaying from that mission, and doing it exceptionally well.
1.0 ... a brilliant finish to the series, an action-packed finale with elements of darkness and beautifully integrated moments of humor and heroism.
0.6 Como cierre de la franquicia seguramente no decepcione a casi nadie. No hace falta ser un gran fanatico para esperar esta culminacion con ansiedad, e incluso para emocionarse.
0.8 This is a massive, tentpole, franchise movie with impeccable good taste -- its most essential, surprising and exhilarating ingredient.
0.9 I think what works best about this final film is how surprisingly moving parts of it are.
0.6 The Harry Potter movies aren't really movies. They're the world's most expensive book illustrations.
0.75 The messianic aspect of Harry's purpose-driven life comes to the fore... making this an action-packed, adventure-laden rewrite of the Easter story...
0.9 This Harry has something the others don't -- the power of goodbye. That helps this film be the best of the series.
0.9 This HP 7.2 makes a great case for lifting the entire third act out of a picture and just making that your sequel.
1.0 The magic isn't over. Far from it.
0.9 For a grand finale to a truly epic, good-natured franchise, this is a perfect goodbye that's very hard to beat.
0.9 Unlike nearly every adaptation Hollywood produces, the Harry Potter films, taken individually or as a whole, are worthy-epically worthy-of their literary source material.
1.0 It's the perfect conclusion to a wonderful, decade-long love affair with Harry Potter.
0.9 The filmmakers thankfully remember that we've journeyed so far with these characters and so they trust that we, the audience, will understand the poignancy and meaning of the events that are unfolding.
0.9 While 'Deathly Hallows: Part 2' brings closure to the sprawling saga, the primary reason to see the film is because it's entertaining.
0.875 With nothing left to tell, the grand finale to the Harry Potter saga holds nothing back.
0.9 One of the best of the eight films Deathly Hallows: Part 2 might indeed require a scorecard for the uninitiated, but for those in the know, it's a more than suitable ending for a decade-long journey that was truly magical.
0.8 begins with a bang and doesn't stop.
0.7 A satisfying roller coaster ride that Harry Potter fans have been waiting for since the beginning.
0.875 Sharply directed and appropriately tear-jerking, imbued with the gravitas of such an epic finale.
0.75 It's a bucket of maraschino cherries and whipped cream after no supper. It's a two-plus hour climax without an ounce of foreplay. A fireworks grand finale without a single sparkler cooling off in Uncle Joe's Pabst can.
0.75 More than ever, Radcliffe is asked to take control of the screen as his boy wizard faces his own demons before finally facing Voldemort, and the talented thespian is up to the task, holding nothing back in an ofttimes ferocious performance.
0.9 "A worthy conclusion to the series, providing numerous worthwhile payoffs to J.K. Rowling's wizard saga."
1.0 A fitting finale and bittersweet good-bye to the boy wizard who is no longer a boy.
0.9 If ever there was a critic-proof film, this is most certainly it - but, pleasingly, it's so good that it doesn't have to be.
0.875 Deathly Hallows - Part 2 is everything a Potter fanatic could want in a franchise capper.
0.75 ... a mostly satisfying coda, with nostalgic 360 return to Hogwarts ... Potter faithful will find a sizable lump in their throats as the music wells and intrepid threesome take their places in carefully staged tableaux.
0.875 Merely translating the events of the novel would have been easy, but Deathly Hallows Part 2 - like all its predecessors - invests the story with a cinematic life all its own.
0.875 The Potter universe, magical as it is, is more grounded in heart and soul than many fictions. You don't read Harry Potter to escape, you read Harry Potter to find your way.
0.7 Not the be-all and end-all of its series, nor of summer blockbusters... Think of it instead as the lingering farewell to a fun ride.
0.875 Thematically, like any good myth, the Harry Potter story comes full circle, with a heroic homecoming and the promise of more adventures, if only in our imaginations.
0.875 Director David Yates and screenwriter Steve Kloves seem to be on the same page in building intensity and flawless execution. This concluding swan song goes out with a bang rather than a whimper. There were no dull spots that dragged the story down like...
0.9 One of the most faithful adaptations of any source material I have seen, in this series or outside of it... If only Hollywood would make more movies like this.
0.5 [It] bungles key moments that have built-in dramatic weight from the book with ordinary staging and a breakneck pace. Many of the movies, including this one, have merely summarized the books rather than actually interpreting them.
0.9 In the end, it's the incredible inventiveness of Rowling's concept that makes it a can't-put-down book series with a not-to-be-missed movie series following closely behind.
0.8 Harry Potter isn't about the wand choosing the wizard; it's about what education should be about: transforming imagination into reality.
0.875 Satisfying
1.0 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2 caps the series with visual panache and emotional punch. It's a fitting finale to an unparalleled cinematic accomplishment.
0.8 Ten years. Eight movies. Evil vanquished. It's done.
0.875 In the 10 years since Harry's first big- screen close-up, the spell has never been broken. And we Muggles have been made better for the magic.
0.9 As they say, all good things must come to an end. But in this instance, you can take solace in knowing the fat lady can belt out one heck of a final note. Thanks for the memories, Harry Potter. We'll miss you.
0.95 Fantastic! Emotional! Its a full blown out war!
1.0 Spectacularly epic, poignant end to a magical series.
0.875 "Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2" ends the series on a triumphant note. It is a memorable and moving conclusion that will leave you wishing for more.
0.875 The film expertly balances physical action and emotional development, loud moments and quiet ones, and it's that balance that makes it such a satisfying and proper finish.
1.0 The greatest Potter film of them all.
0.8 The Potter films have gotten darker, both literally and figuratively, with each installment, and the predominant tones of Deathly Hallows Part 2 are grey and black.
0.8 In Deathly Hallows Part 2 Radcliffe shows us the man Harry's been forced to become. It's a real performance, layered and even moving.
0.8 A fitting final chapter.
0.6 Not that part two of Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows is bad, you understand; it's much better than I expected, given the mediocrity of the series in general and the fizzle of part one in particular.
1.0 This incredibly satisfying and emotionally moving finale is frosted with sprinkles of just about every bit of Harry Potter lore you can think to name.
0.75 It's a solid capper for this monumental series.
0.75 It's so detailed and mature that there's really nothing left for us to do but put down our round spectacles and our wands and return to our far less fascinating Muggle existence.
0.8 There's no doubt about it: Harry Potter ends on a high.
0.8 The finale is a great British triumph, twice as good as its predecessor, highly recommended. A happy ending, as I think it's known.
0.8 There's not much to say about this movie. If you've read the books, you'll go and see it and love it. If you've seen all the other films, you'll go and see it and love it.
0.8 An exciting, appropriately epic and emotionally satisfying finish.
0.9 ...the greatest showdown between good and evil since Luke Skywalker and Darth Vader mixed it up in "Return of the Jedi."
0.875 It's been a rocky road, but this final stop is among the series' best entries.
0.875 End of an extensive journey, hauling a weight of finality that's bittersweet. Still, there's much to celebrate here, with the picture a stirring, magnificent conclusion to a marathon wizarding odyssey.
0.8 An unbelievably satisfying bookend that is not only Yates' finest entry yet, but one of the best films in the series.
0.8 This Potter movie is the greatest, a fantastic end to a monumental series.
0.75 By staying true to the book's themes, fans immersed in Rowling's world will be more than satisfied, and should be advised to bring a tissue.
0.7 It's hard to imagine fans leaving the final Potter film with deep disappointment in this satisfying conclusion.
0.8 So long, Harry. It's been magic.
0.8 Will bring both chills to the skin and tears to the eyes.
0.8 This is pretty much a delight from start to finish that will thrill and touch audiences and leave them wanting more even as it concludes everything in an extremely satisfying and graceful manner.
1.0 The final chapter ends with an epilogue that puts a lump in your throat and makes you want to watch them all again from the beginning. That's the definition of a classic.
1.0 A fitting, shocking, exciting, mind blowing experience even the haters and contrarians will begrudgingly admit is pretty awesome.
0.6 Offers up exciting action set pieces and a rousing finale to the somewhat overlong series.
0.8 Watched as a stand-alone film it's likely to strike newcomers as completely mystifying, but committed and even semi-committed fans will surely welcome it as a worthy climax to the most successful film franchise in history.
0.75 [Ends] the series on an action-packed and character-driven note that works on most levels.
0.6 I can merely pay illiterate, honest homage to the costumes, special effects and set designs, which are all fantastic. And to the actors, hamming and over-egging as if it is All Day Breakfast season on Mount Thespis.
0.8 That both the beloved characters and the film series itself manage to emerge victorious from the fray after over 10 years is truly something to celebrate.
0.8 after ten years, eight films, and close to 20 hours of engaging storytelling, Harry Potter's cinematic saga is finally complete -- and the last act is just as compelling, if not more so, than the first
1.0 The final film has been labeled the 'epic conclusion' and I was elated to discover that it didn't disappoint.
0.75 It works its own kind of magic, the kind that comes from a great story, well told.
1.0 This is a terrific, smartly designed adolescent adventure, visually rich, narratively satisfying, and bound to resonate for years to come.
0.7 Part 2 is never not good, but that's small comfort when anticipating greatness.
0.8 Less committed filmgoers probably won't be quite as enthused -- Potter has long been a franchise constructed to please readers of the books first -- but should be sufficiently entertained nonetheless.
0.8 The final installment of Harry Potter's journey into spiritual maturity as a selfless magician who is willing to sacrifice himself for others.
0.8 It hardly matters that Deathly Hallows Part 2 is neither the best film of the series, nor the perfect conclusion to it. It's what it represents that's significant. And that's the end of an era.
1.0 A dazzling, stirring capper to a once-in-a-generation movie franchise.
0.9 Harry Potter's epic journey ends with power and majesty. For 10 years, we've waded through oceans of exposition and endured ever-burgeoning layers of new characters and mythology to absorb. All building to: This.
0.6 How do you compete with young Harry, young Ron, and young Hermione? You can't. They're ones of a kind. Good night sweet princes and princess.
1.0 The technical wizardry on display is perfectly crafted and fires the imagination like never before.
0.8 The eight-part saga comes to a close with an action-packed finale that neatly ties up the strands of the whole series and also manages to give its actors some meaty scenes to play with.
0.9 Everything comes together; the Chamber of Secrets, the basilisk venom, Parseltongue, polyjuice potion, the castle ghosts... there's no fat here.
0.8 So the wait was worth it. The eighth film of the seven-book series sees Harry Potter finally waving a wand in anger at his nemesis Lord Voldemort, and is not a disappointment.
0.875 Ten years and eight films after the boy wand-twirler's cinematic adventures began, the saga resolves in ways suspenseful, romantic and thrilling.
0.875 Exactly what it needs to be: artfully filmed, tautly paced, just sentimental enough.
0.8 As a standalone film, it delivers intense and engaging action. Though, I couldn't help but feel a bit underwhelmed by the final battle sequence we have waited ten years to see.
1.0 A truly magical finale.
0.875 The best was saved for last.
0.875 It has been extraordinarily fun, and now the decade-long saga has reached its grand finale. The best has been saved for the last.
1.0 The continuous flow of the two movies will hopefully be molded into a single 4-hour plus experience on Blu-ray (where Eduardo Serra's cinematography will really pop) and solidify its place as one of the best final chapters of any movie franchise ever.
0.8 David Yates and his crew have hauled Harry Potter and friends out of the vale of depression where they languished during the previous film and pitched them into an exhilarating series of cliffhangers.
0.75 With its heartening final note of hope and renewal, Deathly Hallows -- Part 2 provides an altogether fitting finale to a series that has prized the fans above all.
1.0 Well done, Harry! You've saved the best for last.
1.0 Tears are shed for the lost, cheers are raised for the (often unexpectedly) brave and noble, and, in the movie's final moments, there is a sense of satisfaction and fulfillment rarely achieved in filmmaking.
0.875 It's virtually non-stop action, though director David Yates, who has taken good care of these final four, ever-meaner Potter adventures, does a very crafty thing, following adapter Steve Kloves' screenplay.
0.875 This movie is impressively staged, the dialogue is given proper weight and not hurried through, there are surprises which, in hindsight, seem fair enough, and "Harry Potter" now possesses an end that befits the most profitable series in movie history.
1.0 A finale that's as moving, spectacular and engaging for both die-hards and casual fans alike.
1.0 Director David Yates has finally found an ideal combination of exposition and emotion in his fourth consecutive Potter project. Writer Steve Kloves... neither wastes a word nor leaves out any essentials.
1.0 This is a masterful and worthy final chapter in one of the best franchises ever put to film.
0.8 J.K. Rowling's boy wizard gets a spectacular, yet not entirely satisfying finale.
0.875 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows, Part 2 puts a triumphant capper on a decade of Pottermania.
0.875 It's almost impossible for the convergence of good and evil to meet inflated expectations. What matters here is that the story is told clearly and with faithfulness to the book, and that it resolves a conflict that has simmered for a decade.
0.9 Director David Yates and screenwriter Steve Kloves guide the story to a graceful and satisfying end. The movie's final moments are the equivalent of the half-jubilant, half-mournful thrill you get when you close the cover of a book you've savored.
0.875 A satisfying wrap-up of the series, with an especially effective performance by Alan Rickman.
0.875 Some will complain that the film doesn't explain anything, blithely assuming you've read the books, and simply plows ahead. Good.
0.875 The movie puts a spell on you.
0.8 Ao longo de uma decada, a serie Harry Potter transportou criancas de 5 a 90 anos de idade em uma viagem intensa, imaginativa, envolvente, tocante, divertida, inteligente e deliciosa.
0.8 Even if you're not a big fan of the series, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows - Part 2 a mixture of solid storytelling and excellent craftsmanship make it--maybe not a new bar for adventure filmmaking--but a worthy entry and conclusion.
1.0 What a way to go out.
0.8 Pretty much an open goal given the inevitable payoff that concluding a story some seven films in the making was always going to bring, director David Yates though has helmed a very impressive film, and the best of the whole series.
0.75 ...good enough, which is a succinct way of describing the eight-movie franchise as a whole.
0.5 Epic battle? Please. Director David Yates moves at only two speeds: Super-charged yet not impactful and labored, faux-majestic stillness.
0.875 A fitting, expertly made final chapter, freighted with hard-won emotions, shot through with a sense of farewell, and fully aware of the epic stakes involved.
0.875 Be sure to arrive at your seat with plenty of popcorn -- and tissues. You're going to need both.
0.75 What fun to feel like a kid again. I had a marvelous time.
0.7 Casual fans of the film series will find this final outing extremely satisfying while the more serious fans are going to absolutely love it.
0.75 If you don't know what a Horcrux is, then you're at the wrong movie.
0.7 One of the saga's richest in character development installments, nicely rounds up the story without straying from its first half's tone and look, other than the uneventful and at times problematic use of 3D
0.75 Radcliffe's Potter is an abominable creation, capturing the dogged determination of Jason Voorhees, ability to infiltrate the hero's mind of Freddie Krueger and penchant for casual animal cruelty of Dora the Explorer.
0.875 Every bit as rewarding - and flawed - as its source material, this final installment of the Harry Potter series is pure movie magic.
1.0 The final Harry Potter movie, above all others, supplies Radcliffe with the gravitas of not just an epic story come to completion, but some real dramatic heft. Not so bad for a Hogwarts dropout.
1.0 Part II gets everything right to send off Harry on a cinematic high.
0.875 We'll miss you, Harry. But oh, what a way to go out.
1.0 The fast-paced, spectacular conclusion ties the final knot in the narrative thread of this spellbinding series.
0.8 It may not contain many of the series' most comic, surprising or quotable moments, but it does succeed in bidding adieu in fine fashion to some of this century's most popular fictional characters.
0.8 While it's unfolding, this is just terrific fun: eye-scorching, ear-battering, heart-pounding cinema of pure spectacle.
0.8 It's with a heavy heart that we say good-bye to Harry Potter, but in crafting what may well be the best blockbuster of the season, the boy wizard has gone out with a suitably spellbinding bang, and one that will leave a lasting impression on cinemagoers.
0.8 It's wonderful. Epic and heartbreaking and just as grand as it needs to be.
0.7 The film's subdued dramatic finale - resonant as it is with themes of sacrifice, the responsibilities of power, friendship, hard-won wisdom - easily ranks as one of the most memorable and moving in recent franchise movie history.
0.8 It's a great sense of hope and affection that you're left with in the end, regardless of J.K. Rowling's recent hints of an eight book on the cards ... As for the 3D, it adds very little
1.0 Everything a summer blockbuster should be but rarely is - a whip-smart, slam-bang piece of entertainment where we deeply care about the fate of the central characters (and many subsidiary ones who return for their last bows).
0.8 With shifting loyalties, unlikely heroes, truths revealed and a little help from friends, "Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2" winds the series up in a most-satisfying fashion.
0.9 Represents big budget filmmaking at its finest and long-form storytelling at its most emotionally rewarding.
0.9 A triumphant, spell-binding finale for the Hogwarts wizards.
0.8 Harry is, and always was, The Boy Who Lived, and these books and films were about him coming to terms with the enormous obligations of that title, and realising that the burden of life is carried by all.
0.8 In the end the thing works like, well, magic...
0.9 An abbreviated, yet exhilarating finale that is equally satisfying as it is bittersweet.
0.95 To say they've saved the best for last would be an understatement. It's a finale that's truly magical in every way, and easily the best Harry Potter movie yet.
0.8 Deathly Hallows Part 2 isn't just a proper sendoff, but maybe the best argument for adapting these books to film in the first place.
1.0 A fitting capstone on a fabled film franchise for the ages!
0.875 While "Deathly Hallows: Part 2" offers long-promised answers, it also dares to pose some eternal questions, and it'll stay with you after the final chapter has closed.
0.8 Delivers the action-packed finale fans have been hoping for and the required emotional kick, even if it can't quite convincingly pull off the various romantic couplings.
0.8 Set pieces so spectacular you'll sit in awe at what the British film industry can achieve these days
0.8 Bear with the slow start and what you get in this bookending instalment's latter two acts is more pathos, exhilaration, and sheer entertainment value than anything else in the entire eight-film, ten-year saga. Potter has certainly saved the best for last.
0.8 Love, loss, courage, hope and humour -- Deathly Hallows offers them all in what proves a worthy finale to the Potter saga.
0.8 It's Harry Potter as a full-tilt action picture, yet unlike the mind-numbing action of Transformers, here you feel totally invested in the protagonists' plight.
0.8 A worthy farewell that packs in as much action as its seven predecessors combined and manages not to stint on the emotional beats. Harry Potter leaves us as a quiet, bespectacled, corduroy-wearing hero for the ages.
0.8 All too soon, in the words of the tagline, 'It All Ends'. Spectacularly. Emotionally. And Wanderfully.
0.8 Of course, if the films haven't won you over by this point, this one is unlikely to make you a convert, but for the millions of fans who've grown up with Potter, it's good enough to make saying goodbye a tougher proposition.
0.8 It's a rare film that manages to be both spectacular and sweet.
0.8 Fusing spectacle and emotion into a thrilling final chapter, director David Yates ensures that the series goes out with a bang. Finales don't come much grander than this.
0.8 This is such an entertaining, beguiling, charming and exciting picture. It reminded me of the thrill I felt on seeing the very first one, 10 years ago.
0.8 The entire series of Potter books and motion pictures has been leading us to this final showdown between Harry and Voldemort. It could easily have been a letdown. But the fight here between good and evil is more than satisfying. It's thrilling.
0.8 You need a deep grounding in Potter-lore to make the slightest bit of sense out of it, but that won't be a problem for most people who see this film.
0.7 Miracles surpass all human power to understand them; that's why we call them miracles.
0.6 Snowman takes a wife in predictable sequel.
0.6 Neither as complex or grand as LOTR nor as accessible as Potter; still, if you can overlook the arch moralising, this is fine kids escapism.
0.8 Because it is a children's story about children it is occasionally a bit precious, but only occasionally. For the most part it is an extremely well-designed piece of fantasy that doesn't try to overwhelm the audience.
0.8 Timeless classic faithfully rendered.
0.6 A slow, cold first half is followed by a lively, sunny second half.
0.625 The bigger the scope gets, the less we really care.
0.625 Certainly a feast for the eyes; once the story moves to Narnia, the film is never dull to look at.
0.6 It's an enjoyable adaptation and good enough for us to welcome this new franchise.
0.75 My guess is that [it] will appeal to all of us in need of a jab of earnest, old-fashioned moralism to save the day
0.4 Aslan = Jesus. Now you don't have to buy a ticket.
0.875 ...an engaging and visually-stimulating adaptation of the first book of Lewis' immortal seven-part Narnia series.
1.0 .
0.625 There's something giddily entertaining about watching married beavers bickering--without the usual Disney attempt at cuteness.
1.0 Chronicles, with its wonderful sense of adventure and fast-paced storytelling, is among the best films of 2005.
0.6 The odds are quite good that you'd exit the movie theatre pretty much disappointed.
0.9 ...a fascinating, visually compelling, and totally engrossing rendering of a well-loved classic.
0.6 If the film has one outstanding characteristic, it is that it creates a genuinely palpable alternative universe, made all the more meaningful because it supposedly exists on the backside of our own.
0.6 Si uno esta dispuesto a atravesar el ropero de la imaginacion, Narnia puede ser una magnifica aventura llena de magia, emocion y fantasia.
0.75 The world of Narnia looks exactly as I had imagined it as a child.
0.625 This PG-rated movie feels safe and constricted in a way the story never does on the page. It leaves out the deep magic of a good movie, or a good sermon: the feeling that something vital is at stake.
0.75 ...effectively replicates the experience of reading Lewis' book.
0.75 The Chronicles of Narnia: The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe is a fable that captures a fully realized landscape of honor, love, sacrifice, betrayal and forgiveness
0.9 Brilliant child actors eomtionally sell an effects-heavy but seamless and true adaptation of the beloved book.
0.5 The film is unfortunately uneven, with great moments followed by not-so-great moments.
0.75 Viewers who enjoyed the LOTR threepeat should find similar compensations in this less ambitious undertaking.
0.6 Shooting in New Zealand is only one way in which this film mimics THE LORD OF THE RINGS. But somehow one never really cares much for the four children who generally just do the obvious.
0.6 All the CGI in the world can't distract you from the idea that it's all a little bit silly, a children's story that works better on the page.
0.75 Long may it roar.
0.4 Bloated, bland, boring stuff.
0.375 What movie would Jesus see this holiday season? God help us if it's The Chronicles of Narnia ... I'm surprised Mel Gibson wasn't hired to guest-direct the crucifixion scene.
0.4 A lackluster screen adaptation of Lewis' novel.
1.0 A wonderful excursion that's alive with the imagination of fantasy literature and in tune with the beating heart of family cinema.
0.625 Neither as clever as Harry Potter nor as epic as Lord of the Rings, but for the children's story it is, Narnia works.
0.9 It's easy to dispense with the religious undertones and simply have a grand time drinking in the adventure.
0.6 This and "The Polar Express," side by side at your multiplex for many Decembers to come.
0.7 The spectacle is worth seeing on the big screen and the story is timeless.
0.5 The central conflict lacks the depth needed to articulate what is truly at stake; the characters are inadequately developed; and the story is little more than a heavy-handed Christian allegory.
0.875 Behold the vision of Narnia!
0.75 A faithful and exultant rendering of the classic children's fable. Bring on Prince Caspian!
1.0 It is exciting, a bit scary, offers some touches of humor and brings home a positive message about family, trust and faith.
0.625 In some ways it is a very good picture, yet it also should have been better than it is...You can feel The Chronicles of Narnia trying too hard to be the Next Big Thing.
0.5 Leave it to the Bible to spoil a perfectly fine fantasy epic.
0.75 The special effects are phenomenal, looking amazingly authentic.
1.0 Narnia is a visually stunning, and very touching film for the family.
0.4 As a broadside across the bow of Lord Jackson and his rampaging WETAns, this is a puny shot. And I'm still hungry.
0.75 Narnia may thrill younger viewers but leave older ones wanting.
0.75 If The Lord of the Rings is a shot of whiskey, then The Chronicles of Narnia is a glass of milk.
0.9 It entertains on all levels with a skillful blending of story and incredible visual effects.
0.4 Ultimately, the story is too lazy.
0.7 It's not as good as its competitors, which in this day and age is hard to do.
0.8 The Lion, The Witch and The Wardrobe is a rich and enjoyable cinematic treat.
0.8 The biggest disappointment is Liam Neeson's voicing of Aslan, which has all the warmth and command of a public information film.
0.7 "You'll believe a beaver can talk!
0.8 El mundo creado por el autor, es recreado aqui de forma soberbia y majestuosa.
0.4 Descrever este filme como um O Senhor dos Aneis para criancas acabaria sendo uma ofensa tanto para a trilogia comandada por Peter Jackson quanto para os espectadores infantis.
0.7 The kids are disastrous, except for Henley. Her irresistible crooked grin is a triumph over British dentistry. She makes Dakota Fanning look like a calculating android.
0.75 The climactic clash of zoological and mythological combatants is the stuff of my childhood fantasies made digitally simulated flesh: It's like 'Doctor Dolittle' as reimagined by Robert E. Howard.
0.75 For sheer entertainment value, and the painless imparting of values about family, loyalty and bravery, this lion in winter roars loudly.
0.75 It's a ripping yarn, full of narrow escapes, talking animals, marvelous sights and magical happenings that lead up to an epic battle between good and evil. The extensive CGI work is well used and the children are exceptionally well cast.
1.0 It's a work of profound ambition, and, in adapting it for the screen, the makers of The Chronicles of Narnia don't shy away from its demands.
0.8 The Chronicles of Narnia is off to an impressive start as another classic of myth and fable comes to entertaining life on the big screen.
0.625 Swinton and McAvoy, not to mention the legions of Lewis fans, deserved better than this. This is a not-so-promising start for what could become a classic series, given better scripts and more competent directors.
0.6 The hard-core may experience the thrill of recognition. But the rest of us can be forgiven a perfectly appropriate giggling fit.
0.75 Rarely has there been such a seamless blending of digital creations and live actors. ...a classy kick-off to what should be a highly rewarding series of fantasies.
0.75 It can be a good thing, St. Paul tells us, to put away childish things. But it is sometimes an even better thing to pick them up again.
0.8 I mean 'childlike' in the best sense, evoking a sense of awe and innocence in the face of challenges. This is art as well as entertainment and it operates at a sophisticated level.
0.75 As the rare offering that plays well to the entire family it's a welcome addition to this holiday season.
0.75 It's quite an array of fantastic visions that Adamson and the animators had to create, and the very scope and depth of their mission is impressive.
0.625 Adamson seems more comfortable with animated characters than real ones.
0.75 The result is mostly engaging, but rarely soars or sings with imagination, poetry, whimsy or the sort of surprise that can take your breath away.
0.75 It's a sturdy adaptation, and if The Chronicles of Narnia: the Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe doesn't capture the magic of C.S. Lewis' books, it comes a fair sight close to catching it.
0.7 Is, and was probably specifically designed, to be Lord of the Rings-Lite
0.75 To its credit and power, the film allows them a reach that exceeds any one religion's grasp.
0.5 One only wishes the movie had been rendered more artfully. The dialogue is impossibly clunky, the characters are completely one-dimensional, and the magic is all too mechanized to allow anyone over the age of 8 or 9 to believe in Narnia.
0.5 It's more yawn-inspiring than awe-inspiring, especially for those who haven't read the book.
1.0 What constant magic it works.
0.7 It's allegorical and imaginative, although literary subtlety is lost to the patently obvious.
0.75 The obvious comparison is to 'Lord of the Rings' -- but when Peter Jackson creates the most awe-inspiring battle scene since Kurosawa, the bar is too high for Andrew Adamson.
0.875 The Chronicles of Narnia so vividly captures the magic of the book that Harry Potter might just want to watch his back.
0.75 A loving interpretation of C.S. Lewis's beloved parable for children, and it's almost perfect in every detail.
1.0 Enchantment, adventure, sly humor, the beauty of the seasons, life lessons about responsibility, family and sacrifice all co-exist in this film in splendid harmony. The filmmakers have created a classic.
0.75 Adamson's touch is rather pedestrian, as if he didn't have the confidence to let Lewis' tale soar.
0.75 The filmmakers make many compromises in the name of epic scope and box office appeal, but they can't bend this story out of shape, and they have Tilda Swinton on hand to spank anyone who tries.
0.8 ...a pleasant and safe cinematic experience for the whole family.
0.6 4. Oreius and the rest of the centaurs break into a rousing rendition of "Day by Day" to motivate the troops.
0.75 The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe fares much better in its smaller, quieter moments that test the mettle and morality of its young heroes
0.75 The Chronicles of Narnia does indeed capture a certain wondrous, fantastical imagination inspired by C.S. Lewis' literary classics. But the film unfortunately also suffers from Lord of the Rings envy.
0.875 Tilda Swinton... may be the scariest witch since Margaret Hamilton in The Wizard of Oz.
0.75 On balance, more of the movie works than doesn't, but this isn't 140 minutes of unqualified successes.
0.8 An extremely well-designed piece of fantasy that doesn't try to overwhelm the audience with a spiritual message, but is content to work on several levels.
0.6 Enjoyable adaptation that looks fantastic and stays remarkably faithful to the novel, though it wobbles occasionally during the emotional scenes.
0.8 There is no one better than Tilda Swinton to play the White Witch.
0.8 There's plenty to like.
0.6 The fantasy aspect is merely a vehicle for another purpose, [and] it underdevelops character motives as a result.
0.375 The Chronicles of Narnia proves, sometimes, talking animals are not funny. Sometimes, they are waging a holy war, and Santa Claus is giving kids weapons for Christmas.
0.625 By the end of Narnia, I felt like I was retaught a lesson I had long since learned instead of living the dream of a new discovery. Suitable in that there are clearly no small metaphors, only small movies about those metaphors.
0.6 Whenever it allows the whimsy of its source material to shine through, it takes on a pleasant life of its own.
0.4 There's no hideous beast or CGI landscape rendered here that can compare with what lurks in the mind of even the dullest, least imaginative child.
0.7 The Chronicles of Narnia is not a bad fantasy film. It's just not a great one.
0.8 This honorable adaptation of C. S. Lewis's novel has much of the power and charm of the source.
0.875 It achieves an overall epic sweep most movies don't even dare to attempt.
0.625 That's not to say this Wardrobe isn't worth climbing into. Only that along with the dollops of delight, a bit of disappointment awaits on the other side.
0.75 Grown-up children who remember our own travels in Narnia will find that many of the details resonate beautifully.
0.75 The Chronicles of Narnia is a faithful rendering of a magical tale that should hold adults' attention and delight young moviegoers.
0.75 A grandly successful fantasy. Practically flawless casting, bewitching storytelling and impressive visual effects bring the beautiful, troubled land of Narnia to life.
0.625 Overlong, poorly paced and woodenly acted.
1.0 A generation-spanning journey that feels both comfortingly familiar and excitingly original.
1.0 Andrew Adamson, the director of the Shrek movies, clearly feels great affection for the book and has taken pride in living up to the source.
0.5 Watching The Chronicles of Narnia: The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe is like being told a terrific story by a so-so storyteller.
0.875 This Lion is king.
0.5 It tells Lewis' story, which has its share of sticky and ponderous aspects, in a predictable, visually cautious way. You keep waiting to be transported, yet in cinematic terms, the transportation never arrives.
0.625 Too much, too nice, too boring.
0.75 The effects in this movie are so skillful that the animals look about as real as any of the other characters.
0.875 This movie cannot be dismissed, like preachy 'Christian films,' as religious propaganda. ... It is best enjoyed as a symphonic and delightful fantasy.
0.75 Adamson ushers us into Narnia with an unexpected feel for realism and honest characterization, which works both for and against the film.
1.0 ...manages to at once unleash Lewis' grandiose fantasy and corral it.
0.5 Hoping for franchise success by visual association with other movies, no matter how great the mimicry, steals too much heart and spirit from this beloved children's classic.
0.625 Populated with talking beavers and mythological creatures that, cast in a Christian parable, should probably watch their asses.
0.6 This almost-epic adventure directed by Andrew Adamson ("Shrek") is nothing to cringe at even if it does have flaws.
0.75 Praise Aslan!
0.625 Lord of the Rings and Passion of the Christ in one movie. Narnia (the film) exceeds LOTR (the film) in character expression and depth, but drags some in pace.
0.75 Magical and marvelous ... cross between the story of Jesus and The Lord of the Rings.
0.4 A bloated, cumbersome, overlong misfire.
0.75 Though Adamson lacks Lewis' storytelling confidence...The Lion, The Witch and the Wardrobe still comes across as a quirkily diverting children's entertainment.
0.5 The film wishes it was Lord of the Rings. It's not. Where's the thrill that leaves you waiting for Prince Caspian? Nowhere.
0.875 for those children old enough to endure the violence, this is a masterpiece of fantasy literature come to life
0.8 Lewis' fantasy is beautifully realised in a vast array of colourful characters and majestic scenery.
0.8 The movie remains faithful to the book in both tone and imagery.
0.6 A brave attempt, if a little on the safe side.
0.8 It doesn't just live up to its source material, it surpasses it by finding nuances in the story that C.S. Lewis didn't.
0.6 A visually impressive adaptation of C. S. Lewis's classic tale, which unfortunately slights the forgiveness theme in favor of a big battle scene led by a not-very-Christlike Aslan the lion.
0.5 To say that it's all more than a bit simplistic and heavy-handed would be a severe understatement.
0.47 For a journey into a mystical land, The Lion, the Witch, and the Wardrobe is oddly awkward and stale.
0.7 The filmmakers have gone for broke, combining spectacular imagery and rousing energy. Although it's perhaps a bit overdone.
0.75 After his splash with the hit animataion Shrek, Adamson makes an ambitious leap with his big-screen adaptation of Lewis' beloved book, a special-effects fare that succeeds in keeping its intimate family tale.
0.9375 Nothing short of wondrous!
0.2 Go on the Disney ride instead. It's over sooner.
0.45 Beautiful production design and bags of promise give way to disappointment in this family comedy.
0.75 A thunderstorm of mysterious origin traps the old mansion.
0.4 Regardless of all the ghosts, or maybe because of them, The Haunted Mansion is one lifeless, spiritless affair.
0.2 Eddie Murphy, fresh from a string of wearyingly bad performances in really horrible features, pulls The Haunted Mansion down around him with record-breaking speed
0.625 You wonder why you're willing to wait an hour-and-a-half to go on it for the umpteenth time.
0.2 Uma comedia de horror que nao assusta nem faz rir.
0.4 Comic thrillers are always risky, but this one lacks even a hint of badly needed black humour.
0.2 Mansion is as dead as the spirits who haunt its unspooktacular walls.
0.2 Hauntingly Bad.
0.125 ... essentially a soulless collection of episodic gags... only serves to hammer a few more nails into [Eddie Murphy's] career's coffin.
0.625 uses the ride's familiar visuals as a leaping-off point for the horror-comedy, which is at times delightfully silly and at other times depressingly thin
0.375 Manages to make even such surefire audience grabbers as a zombie attack exceedingly dull.
0.25 To paraphrase one of my favorite lines from one of my favorite films ("Little Big Man"): Sometimes the Magic Kingdom works, and sometimes it doesn't.
0.5 It's ironic that in 2003 we find Murphy playing a role that, for all intents and purposes, might have been done by Mantan Moreland 60 years ago -- only Mantan was funnier.
0.5 With The Haunted Mansion, Eddie Murphy continues in a long line of family film stinkers.
0.4 ...maladroit dans sa tentative d'allier rires et frissons, insatisfaisant sur tous les plans...
0.4 Feels like something that was churned out through a machine; Disney Live-Action Cheese By Committee.
0.4 Another Disney ride-turned-movie looks great ... and goes nowhere.
0.5 Following the plot of the ride, as well as littering the screen with beautiful visual homages big and small, the film has less wiggle room to really come alive on its own.
0.5 There's disappointingly little in its 99 minutes that's better than what the ride has been doing for years in 10.
0.5 Eddie Murphy does a sterile job as the film's star, but it is Jennifer Tilly who shines in this otherwise flat film.
0.75 The Haunted Mansion was made in the spirit of giving everyone in the family something to enjoy together. It's successful at that level.
0.3 Learn from the Evers family: The Haunted Mansion is not worth the detour.
0.5 ...a lame and transparent pseudo-amusing scarefest...has all the whimsy and cheeky movement of an overcrowded parking lot at Disneyland...a generic goose bump ride
0.5 A movie that, while consistently amusing, plays like a hackneyed effort to stretch a few minutes of ride into a coherent, hour-and- a-half story.
0.6 More Disneyland ride than movie, short on plot and long on dazzling visuals for the kiddies.
0.5 While it may supply giggles and shivers to preteens, grownups should think twice before entering this all-too-haunted house.
0.5 Eddie Murphy has been many things to many people in his tempestuous career. Until now, 'mayo-and-bologna-on-white' hasn't been one of them.
0.5 Perhaps used to working with animated characters, Minkoff fails to inspire much energy from his cast.
0.125 The movie's horror angle also reminds us of Vampire in Brooklyn, the last in a string of Murphy flops before The Nutty Professor saved his screen career in 1996. With this listless foray, Eddie is twice bitten.
0.6 It's notoriously difficult to balance lighthearted humor with the spookiness a good ghost story requires, but director Rob Minkoff is surprisingly successful, delivering a satisfying mix of laughs and mild scares aimed at a young audience.
0.4 The story is so flimsy, could it possibly have been ghostwritten by Goofy?
0.25 A badly scripted, sloppily put-together hack job.
0.5 The problem here isn't so much the pace as the too-predictable story and the general lack of energy; director Rob Minkoff can't seem to light a fire under his cast.
0.5 Haunted Mansion won't be anybody's E-ticket ride, but it's an enjoyable movie for a very specific age range (children 8 to 12), and will be tolerable for almost everyone else.
0.5 Haunted is much more loyal to the original amusement attraction than the freewheeling and more imaginative Pirates film, which is good for nostalgia but not especially good for storytelling.
0.375 Here's a better way to spend your money: go to Disneyland and visit the real Haunted Mansion.
0.6 You don't go to a movie like this for the sparkling repartee; you go to ride the ride one more time, and director Rob Minkoff delivers with a slew of sight gags and character cameos that will keep faith with the fans.
0.4 The Haunted Mansion is disappointing in just about every way. Even the plot, which seems simple enough at first, turns out to be confusing when all is revealed.
0.25 The advertising slogan for The Haunted Mansion warns, 'Check your pulse at the door' -- pretty cheeky for a movie that flatlines for almost all of its 98 minutes.
0.25 The PG rating is purportedly for 'frightening images,' but the only thing frightening is the bland performance Eddie Murphy phones in.
0.625 With The Haunted Mansion, the second movie this year to be based on a popular Disney attraction Eddie Murphy may have finally brought his career back to life.
0.5 Let's face it: This is a movie based on a ride, so, really, how much entertainment can you expect? But at least it is a better bargain than the ride it is shilling.
0.5 It's true that last summer's hit Pirates of the Caribbean is one tough act to follow, but The Haunted Mansion falls short even without such comparisons.
0.4 The Haunted Mansion is well made and acted with a kind of campy glee, but it doesn't scare up enough thrills or laughs to give it the kind of mass appeal of Disney's summer blockbuster Pirates of the Caribbean.
0.4 The theme park attraction is actually better entertainment than the movie.
0.2 It's not all that boring, and very little children will like it, but the 'tween crowd will consider this beneath them, as would everyone older.
0.25 Foolish indeed is the mortal family that shells out the copious price of admission for this gobbler.
0.5 That thing going bump in the night? It was my head hitting the armrest.
0.5 Despite some imaginative designs, The Haunted Mansion just sort of lies there, as if -- like some of its characters -- it is waiting to be roused from eternal slumber.
0.625 The Haunted Mansion won't much entertain older family members, but it might be fun for kids and seems headed for a long run on home video.
0.5 Director Rob Minkoff, mindful of his PG rating and young target audience, never tries to scare us to the marrow.
0.2 The film equivalent of the dark, boring period on a haunted house ride before the gondola crashes into another room filled with dirty mirrors.
0.5 This is a 99-minute commercial for a three-minute attraction.
0.4 Trite special effects, uninspired dialogue.
0.5 An efficient, reasonably enjoyable factory product that should scare a 9-year-old just enough and be gone from his or her memory by dinnertime.
0.375 About as much fun as a day at Disneyland -- when it's raining and all the rides are broken and the car is at the extreme other end of the parking lot.
0.5 Although The Haunted Mansion starts promisingly and presents a wealth of possibilities, filmmakers decide to go the formulaic route to bring in the kiddies.
0.375 ...plays like a contest between Eddie Murphy's popping eyes and his gaping mouth: Which one can more forcefully convey fright?
0.4 It's hard to get excited about watching a real estate deal go down, even if it is with a bunch of ghosts.
0.375 ...terminally lame...
0.7 The Haunted Mansion is goofy fun.
0.5 Amusing time-killer.
0.8 More creepy than scary, but it's lots of fun.
0.5 As the story unfolds, it becomes ever more obvious that the Haunted Mansion ride was not concocted to provide enough material for a narratively coherent movie.
0.5 Even if I were still a kid, I'd rather go on the ride.
0.6 only works as mindless entertainment.
0.625 Vivid and unimaginative.
0.625 Amusing but not side-splitting.
0.6 Swirling apparitions, a wonderful Southern gothic atmosphere and a thwarted love story make this a fine companion piece to the Walt Disney theme-park attraction.
0.5 While the addition of four harmonizing statues infuses some humor in the script, there's little that outshines effects in the actual Disneyland house.
0.5 As mechanical as an old Disneyland automaton.
0.625 Never manages to rise above kind of cute.
0.6 The fact that this sort of preachy foray into the pseudo-scary is even remotely entertaining can only be attributed to blind, stumbling luck.
0.6 Best of all is Parker, the perfect melancholy romantic hero, brooding and dark, yet touching and sentimental.
0.5 After she walks off, Daddy tells his son, "Whack your own spider!"
0.2 The Last Airbender is not just a flop, it's a big-budget flop, and it's a throwback to that grand old genre, the movie that's so bad that it's bad.
0.2 A quite breathtakingly inept hodge-podge of vapid spirituality, playground chopsocky and visual effects that take 3D to an entirely new level: Zero-D.
0.4 Writer/director M Night Shyamalan's once glorious reputation is tarnished further by this tediously juvenile fantasy adventure.
0.25 There's no third-act twist because we never get out of the first act.
0.5 [Shyamalan] works so much better with stories that are slower in development, where the atmosphere and tone drive the film, and where you're never quite sure what's going on (though not in the sense where you're completely confused, like this film).
0.2 This is a kid's movie that doesn't seem to realize that it's a kid's movie.
0.3 Bad acting, overstuffed exposition and running time far too brief for the amount of plot shoved into it reduce The Last Airbender into parody of a big summer film as Shyamalan manages to hit every single fantasy film pothole.
0.4 The Last Airbender is a horrific mish-mash of genres that follows a depressingly large number of dead ends in adapting its source material.
0.4 As far as children's entertainment goes (and it is children's entertainment), it could be a lot worse.
0.3 The film is an unmitigated disaster, a putrid patchwork of the original series stitched together by wretched performances, bad creative decisions and a story that's all exposition, no depth.
0.25 Mere words can barely describe the sheer inanity on display.
0.4 It's a nice movie to look at, as long as you ignore the characters, plot, and action.
0.3 It seems as if a good film could be made out of The Last Airbender's tale. But this is not that film.
0.2 The characters are completely uninvolving, the narrative incomprehensible for the most part, and the performances seem to reflect the bewilderment of the plot.
0.4 Why do the water tribe have so much difficulty defeating their fire opponents when the battle takes place on the ocean?
0.2 Unspeakably bad dialogue delivered by excruciatingly bad actors in a plot so illogical and stupid it kills unicorns.
0.3 Shyamalan tells the story like a syndicated news journalist, reporting events with detached direction and lifeless, plot-driven screenwriting.
0.2 The worst part is undoubtedly the script, which clunks and groans all the way under the weight of it's own exposition - tragically and unforgivably, it fails to tell a good story.
0.4 It is in writer/director Shyamalan's dialogue that the film grinds to a halt. His words have grown increasingly pompous and stilted since his concise, crisp, Oscar-nominated script for The Sixth Sense.
0.2 This empty, misfired epic from M. Night Shyamalan is boring and strengthens the claim that he is the worst director working in mainstream cinema today.
0.2 If sleep is a hard thing to come by, then a dose of M. Night Shyamalan's The Last Airbender is just the cure for you.
0.2 Being a Shyamalan film, the entire cast (which also includes Slumdog Millionaire star Dev Patel as an exiled Fire Prince) recite their looney-tunes lines as if they have been drugged, then hypnotised, then drugged again.
0.2 $150,000,000 well wasted. The Last Airbender is an insult to those wanting sophisticated, entertaining or even competent cinema.
0.2 How did Shyamalan get it so wrong?
0.2 Some of the worst acting, action and dialogue you'll endure this year.
0.4 The dialogue is tin-eared in the extreme, the 3D is used in a strictly tokenistic fashion and the absolute lack of a sense of irony or humour makes the more solemn scenes all the more laughable.
0.2 After the first five seconds, it seems as if you have been watching it for around two-and-a-half hours, and that this time has passed in four-and-a-half days.
0.2 Please let it be the last Shyamalan.
0.4 [A] slice of self-important nonsense that's actually pretty funny, although probably not in the way Shyamalan planned.
0.2 Airbender's final insult is the unmistakable stench of a sequel that's left to linger in its wake.
0.4 The first part of a planned trilogy, Shyamalan says the sequel will be darker. Just better would be a start.
0.4 Far from the catastrophe the US bewailed, but still disappointingly clunky.
0.2 One is bored and stupefied by what seems like an eternity of vacuous spectacle, cod-Buddhist tosh and clunking dialogue.
0.2 I swiftly became bored with a repetitive and laboured film devoid of drama, tension or real emotion.
0.4 When nothing you believe or believe in is at stake, your plot-receptor mechanisms close down.
0.2 Dung fu.
0.2 A movie that's as thick as the earth, as enraging as fire, and about as watery and windy as a giant cinematic wet fart.
0.4 A dodgy script, ropey performances, atrocious 3D effects and a tendency to take itself too seriously...
0.2 A derivative and lifeless 'heroes journey' tale layered up with Eastern mysticism.
0.5 ...a tremendously disappointing effort from a once rock-solid filmmaker.
0.2 The Last Airbender completes writer/co-producer/director M. Night Shyamalan's fall from grace; once regarded as the most exciting talent in film, he now sits pretty as the laughing stock of Hollywood.
0.2 I can accurately and completely review The Last Airbender by quoting my ten-year-old daughter's own thoughts on the movie: "They messed up everything."
0.1 The story isn't the bad part of The Last Airbender - in fact, it's the best part... The bad part is almost everything else.
0.375 The Last Airbender blatantly sets the stage for a sequel. Unfortunately, this awful film's huge box office receipts may make a sequel reality.
0.25 An Elemental Disaster.
0.1 Sadly, M. Night Shyamalan has not regained what he lost three films ago. His films are truly bad.
0.125 If the 11th-hour addition of 3-D to M. Night Shyamalan's odious live-action adaptation of Nickelodeon's beloved anime-influenced cartoon series doesn't make your head hurt, the excess of narration and intertitles surely will.
0.25 The time has come to admit that he [Shyamalan] got lucky with Sixth Sense and we overrated his talent.
0.5 a vast and largely joyless--at times leaden--epic
0.3 Even with fairly good special effects the movie is boring; let's hope the indicated sequel(s) doesn't see the light of day.
0.4 I need 'Unbreakable' to be M. Night Shyamalan's trilogy. Not this lifeless fantasy.
0.4 Controversial casting aside, could The Last Airbender ever have been a good movie? Not at all; it's a listless, incompetent, boring mess that insults the comprehension of even the youngest child in the audience.
0.125 The Last Shyamalan.
0.0 Irritatingly stupid.
0.375 It's difficult to ascertain whether this poorly executed picture will earn enough to warrant its planned sequels or not even make enough to allow Shyamalan to Super-Size his next fast-food order.
0.125 Gorgeous imagery.Beautifully wrought special effects. Fantasy fun for all ages.I'm talking , of course, about 'The Last Airbender' website.
0.2 The film ends with a set-up for a sequel, which those unfortunate enough to endure this torturous mess can only hope never occurs.
0.125 In a mediocre summer season, we now have the first bonafide stinker -- a supposed fantasy adventure that has all the magic and mystery of a bologna sandwich.
0.3 Sadly, it seems that Shyamalan is channeling George Lucas et al from The Phantom Menace... and said, 'Hey, let's do that with this movie!'
0.021 A boring, nauseating blockbuster filled with poor editing, painfully wooden acting, unrelenting dullness, and unimpressive special effects. It's so bad that it's gone past good and back to bad again.
0.25 The trunk of my car is filled with busted 3D glasses and broken dreams of summer movie bliss. But that's not as bad as what's in the trunk of a Paramount Pictures bigwig: A bound and gagged Shyamalan, who's about to have $150 million beat from him.
0.25 Stick a fork in M. Night Shyamalan. He's done as a director of consequence after The Last Airbender. Sad.
0.0 Stilted dialogue, wooden acting, glacial pacing, cheesy special effects, tacky-looking sets, ugly costumes, poorly staged and edited action sequences, all shown in murky, cut-rate 3-D.
0.6 Fantasy works best off linear narrative clarity, while many scene transitions whirl like air in the hands of Aang. Yet, Night ignites the separate moments with visual magic worthy of his mythology.
0.2 would be blissfully forgettable if it weren't so blazingly incompetent
0.2 M. Night Shyamalan tries to bend the laws of quality cinema to suit his his shlocky ambitions.
0.0 A dull, boring, poorly acted, limply written and thoroughly unappealing fantasy, featuring bland characters locked in a struggle of no interest.
0.375 With a movie this shockingly bad, however, it's not likely that anyone will be interested in another chapter. So it's better not to even bother seeing this one.
0.875 Shyamalan has taken what could have been a big, flashy, generic Hollywood production and made it wholly his own.
0.2 What a colossal disappointment! Let's hope this truly is the last Airbender.
0.2 All the while, Shyamalan creates an ever-growing sense of 'Who cares where we are; when will this be over?'
0.6 The Last Airbender, for all its Shyamalan-style grandiosity, is completely harmless and inoffensive, and at the very least, Shyamalan appears to be having a little fun here.
0.2 Fans of the beautifully crafted TV show will be bitterly disappointed by this film version of the story.
0.5 The puzzle of Shyamalan's racial casting soon becomes secondary to a much more pressing concern -- trying to follow the cluttered story.
0.0 It's rare to see a film so choppily edited, poorly scripted and spastically directed that you can barely understand what you're watching.
0.375 The title has the ring of prophecy. Although the film frustrates viewers with a cliffhanger ending, it's hard to believe a second 'Airbender' will materialize out of what is likely to be the indifferent reception to this wan hand-me-down.
0.4 A franchise needs more than cute creatures to survive.
0.4 Boring -- but age-appropriate for young fans of the TV show.
0.75 Using the backbone of the Nickelodeon series, Shyamalan succeeds in developing a story with a deep mythology -- something he failed to do with Lady in the Water.
0.1 Everything about this film is so mind-bogglingly stupid, I barely know where to begin!
0.5 Can we please just stop with the 3D conversions? Shymalan delivers visually amazing action sequences but the film suffers from terrible dialogue and horrible acting.
0.3 There are long expository speeches, which the young, inexperienced actors recite by rote, and the entire concept is filled with incoherent inconsistency.
0.3 Tedious, overstuffed, visually flat ... emotionally inert, filled with painfully expository dialogue and mostly poorly acted, it's simply an all-around misfire.
0.15 Paraphrasing a quote from another Shyamalan star, Haley Joel Osment, it seems like "there's dead actors walking around like regular actors." From The Sixth Sense to no sense?
0.2 The picture is crammed with big-budget CGI -- it seems determined to command our interest through sheer technological will.
0.25 It gets real old real fast.
0.375 Even 3-D technology can't inject a much-needed extra dimension to The Last Airbender.
0.2 If you thought it was bad when writer-director M. Night Shyamalan was channeling Rod Serling, wait till you see him try to be George Lucas.
0.375 As a child puts together pieces of the puzzle that will help him save the world from evildoers in The Last Airbender, I was pondering a bigger mystery: How can this action-packed adventure be so deadly dull?
0.75 The Last Airbender is one of the most visually luscious and exhilarating entertainments I have seen this year, full of giddy fireworks and kinetic pleasure.
0.5 Shyamalan's effects -- matte paintings, miniatures, location exteriors, backlot interiors and digital work -- never coalesce into a seamless whole, and the result is neither fish nor fowl, tactile nor virtual.
0.5 The TV show created an incredibly complex world over three seasons. This picture (the first in a proposed trilogy) tries to accomplish a year's worth of work in two hours. So we get titles and flashbacks, baldly expository dialogue and clumsy narration.
0.375 There's no other way to say this: M. Night Shyamalan has completely lost it.
0.25 The addition of the 3-D is obviously an afterthought, and in most scenes it's pretty bad. Almost as bad as the writing and the acting. Almost.
0.0 The Last Airbender could be The Last M. Night Shyamalan Movie. Yep, it's that bad.
0.25 This is bad filmmaking and bad storytelling. It also sounds what should be the death knell to M. Night Shyamalan's career.
0.4 The camera swoops and the music blares, but we might as well be watching a tolerant, teeth-gritting parent filming his son's karate class demonstration.
0.2 It is so bad that not only could Uwe Boll make a better movie than Shyamalan has done here, he already has.
0.375 In spite of all the running and sometimes flying to and fro, The Last Airbender never feels particularly urgent.
0.25 Nothing short of an incomprehensible fiasco. If one must go see it, avoid the 3-D version like the bubonic plague.
0.25 A new low point in Shyamalan's crumbling career.
0.3 The battles are only slightly more exciting than the exposition, the acting is laughable, and the characters are flat.
0.3 The good news for those eagerly anticipating this live-action, big budget adaptation is that the 3D isn't horrible. The bad news? Just about everything else is.
0.5 Shyamalan compresses a ton of plot exposition in every line and the resulting heavyosity is too much for the younger actors to carry.
0.25 Shyamalan takes the beloved Nickelodeon anime series and turns it into 103 minutes of overproduced, stilted nonsense.
0.3 a staid, interminable miscalculation
0.4 The problems begin with Shyamalan's script, which is an orgy of exposition.
0.625 He hasn't mastered the craft yet, but M. Night Shyamalan may be on to something with this action-movie thing.
0.375 Not since Kyle MacLachlan's whispered voice-overs about the worm and the spice and the worm IS the spice in Dune has a fantasy franchise tripped all over itself trying, simply, to please a fan base while creating a new one.
0.125 M. Night Shyamalan throws his hands up and sells out with The Last Airbender, an adaptation of the Nickelodeon anime series that boasts almost no sign of the director's idiosyncratic imprimatur.
0.7 It's worth putting up with M. Night the writer to enjoy the work of M. Night the director.
0.4 Even in 3D, [it's] one-dimensional.
0.5 The sprawling story is so dramatically compressed there is barely enough oxygen for relationship growth (crucial in Avatar), let alone traces of an interesting director's personality.
0.375 The movie has been criticized for racially inappropriate casting, but that's the least of its problems. The acting is laughable, the effects are phony, the editing is addled and the dialogue is disastrous.
0.2 Who would have thought Shyamalan would come up with a movie that makes his Lady in the Water look positively sensible?
0.25 The Last Airbender is dreadful, an incomprehensible fantasy-action epic that makes the 2007 film The Golden Compass, a similarly botched adaptation of a beloved property from another medium, look like a four-star classic.
0.3 While the special effects are impressive enough, M. Night Shyamalan's film doesn't make a lick of sense.
0.25 This colossal folly, the fiasco of the summer of 2010 - gives us all a ringside seat at the sight of Mr. "I See Dead People's" career gurgling down the drain.
0.125 The Last Airbender is an agonizing experience in every category I can think of and others still waiting to be invented.
0.3 Let's just be honest: M. Night Shyamalan is an idiot.
0.8 Slapstick humor and fun premise kids will love.
0.375 ...I did enjoy [Mr. Belding's] cameo, but that doesn't change the fact that watching the movie is akin to sitting inside a Chuck E. Cheese for an hour and a half.
0.5 The moral of Max Keeble's Big Move is that it's awfully easy to say the right thing after getting away with the wrong thing.
0.3 Chances are that only kids will find the movie funny and entertaining.
0.5 A Disney Channel sitcom pilot that no one over 13 would ever want to watch.
0.8 This movie is just for fun, and it fits the bill.
0.6 Pretty light-hearted and, at times, quite funny.
0.375 Young kids may like it (others stay far away), but it is guaranteed that no audience member, young or old, will be able to relate to it.
0.7 A welcome slice of pie in the face.
0.625 Bland, occasionally funny Disney comedy about a wayward seventh-grader.
0.7 While it far too often lapses into retread juvenile slapstick humour and doesn't finish particularly strong, there is at least a whiff of originality wafting from this one.
0.3 This clunky juvenile comedy lurches among multiple story lines without fully realizing the comic potential of any.
0.25 There's little invention here to disguise the film's formulaic nature.
0.625 Adds nothing especially notable to the pantheon of kids' cinema but offers ample, good-natured laughs for the 'tween' set.
0.5 Reportedly eight years in development, Max Keeble's Big Move still feels slapped together.
0.5 You will imagine that this is not the kind of movie that holds me spellbound.
0.625 Amusing for adults (at least this one), a blast and a half for pre-puberty members of the family, Max Keeble is just good junior high fun.
0.625 A pleasant family film that will mildly amuse adults and please the kids who've outgrown Barney.
0.25 Lands, like a newspaper tossed by an angry delivery boy, in the mud.
0.4 You'd be better off waiting to blow your disposable income when the real kiddie pics (Monsters, Inc., Harry Potter) come out next month.
0.375 This junior high school comedy, which is aimed more to the seven-year-old set, doesn't have much in it that's funny for any age group, even the younger ones.
0.625 Even when presented with a reasonably original idea for a kids' movie, Disney can always find a way to bleed all the color out of it.
0.375 This movie is so uncool, your male child could get beaten into a bloody pulp if you take him to see it.
0.2 It's easily the worst thing ever released with the name of Walt Disney on it.
0.8 Whimsical and fun, The Lion King 1 1/2 is an enjoyable romp behind the fake scenes of a real movie.
0.6 It is creative, and that's alone enough to rocket it to the top of the Disney sequel heap.
0.6 "The Lion King 1 1/2" is a very clever "syncquel" that's entertaining in the beginning but weighed down by a premise and format that seem ill-suited for a full-length feature.
0.6 Clever and mostly charming--most kids will enjoy.
0.7 This is clearly the best video sequel that the mouse house has produced to date. Hakuna matata!
0.75 Most Disney straight-to-video sequels are bunk, but here is an entertaining exception.
0.75 The Lion King 1 1/2 is visually beautiful, musically delightful and slap-the-knee-till-it's-raw funny! There are oodles of fun filled hours and super-wide smiles awaiting you.
0.25 This is quite possibly the studio's most banal direct-to-video sequel to date
0.3 pathetic... pointless
0.4 Fart gags, belch jokes, and slug-eating contests abound. To me, the filmmakers have dishonored the memory of a treasured classic.
0.75 As far as straight-to-video Disney sequels go, it doesn't get much better than The Lion King 1 1/2.
0.2 Kidz as fairy tale heroines in clumsy stories; mild peril.
1.0 great products of animation
0.875 [Miyazaki's] visually brilliant, thematically rich fable isn't just an ambitious cartoon; it's an epic, hand-drawn in pen and ink.
0.625 Done mostly in the style of hand-painted classic animation, with occasional digital assists, "Princess Mononoke is indeed a thing of beauty and imagination.
1.0 With a Luminist's attention to light, water, shadow and smoke, Miyazaki creates an epochal story born of history, myth and Shinto animism.
0.8 This imaginative and intriguing Anime deserves all the plaudits heaped upon it.
1.0 Beautifully constructed and painstakingly written, this is about as close to a perfect animated epic as you're likely to get.
0.875 Anyone who relishes seeing the reach and scope of the genre redefined should not miss this marvelously accomplished picture.
0.875 This highly imaginative and beautifully rendered fable of ancient Japan comes from writer-director-master animator Hayao Miyazaki and is told with the scope and epic flair of the best live-action adventure films.
0.8 The highest-grossing Japanese film of all time is a luxuriously animated legend of ancient gods going head to head with mankind and industry over the balance of nature.
1.0 Hayao Miyazaki is a great animator, and his Princess Mononoke is a great film.
1.0 Watching the way Miyazaki and his animators can make a misty cloud drift across the screen is nothing less than pure bliss.
0.8 It is too ambitious, too sure of its own vastness to love it; it demands respect more than affection.
0.875 A seamless marriage between a mature, complex story ideas and boundless visual imagination.
0.75 Hayao Miyazaki's eco-friendly animated fable about animal gods and those damn humans bent on destroying the environment is made bearable by some trademark anime limb-severing violence.
0.875 Its imagery is never less than breathtakingly beautiful, and is occasionally truly awesome...
1.0 All Miyazaki's films are masterpieces, but Princess Mononoke may just have the edge.
1.0 This web of mixed motives is one of Princess Mononoke's greatest strengths. Not once do we feel that the characters are cardboard cutout villains and their hardships are more powerful as a result.
0.875 Miyazaki's artistry is evident in every frame, a pristine combination of lush greenery, ghastly mythic monsters and beautifully executed humans.
0.7 Some scenes in the film are gory and may scare young children, but older teens and adults should revel in the beautifully realized scenery and the rich characters.
0.875 An animated fable of dazzling artistry, one of the most beautiful ever made.
1.0 As beautiful as it is poignant.
0.875 A wonderful film directed by Hayao Miyazaki, often called the Walt Disney of Japanimation.
0.875 The smartest, most thoughtful, best-made cartoon youa(TM)re likely to see in a long time.
0.75 The imagery, ranging from sublime mountain-smashing power to firefly delicacy (individual waterdrops splashing on a rock) is exuberant and intoxicating.
0.875 Not for the very young, The Princess Mononoke can be stunningly violent at times. But for fans of animation, this is a must see.
0.8 But the film is, on the whole, a full, meaty treat, striking not only in its subject-matter and the approach to it, but also in its pin-sharp detailing of nature and the speed and grace with which the characters move.
0.9 Calling this film a 'kid's film,' however, completely misses the point. It is instead a film for the young at heart and those who still appreciate honor, valor, love, and the earth.
1.0 A breathtaking saga of man versus nature, of gods and men, of bravery, nobility and redemption.
0.875 Unlike most animated motion pictures, which have a relatively limited scope, Princess Mononoke is an epic saga, a fantasy adventure of great ambition and extent.
0.85 Princess Mononoke is a remarkable blend of fantastic imagination and relevant moral questions.
0.6 I was somewhat disappointed by the mundane story it presented, but the fashion in which it presented it made it completely worthwhile.
0.75 Brooding, occasionally bloody and often abstract, it explores animation's dramatic potential in wonderous ways.
0.75 Miyazaki portrays nature with a breathtaking touch.
0.875 This is clearly not a movie for kids under 10, as decapitations and maimings aren't that uncommon and the story is detailed, filled with subplots, and low on cookie-cutter characters and cutesy sidekicks.
0.875 A haunting, beautiful film that holds your attention despite its length and its complex plot.
0.75 It's an art film, a densely plotted and visually stunning piece of animation, and not a movie for everybody.
0.875 Here is a film that reaches for unforeseen heights, and surpasses them.
0.625 Redubbed for American release, this handsome, stirring movie looks and feels spectacular with its incredible watercolors of forest landscapes, its giant and intelligent wild animals and its ancient, epic mythology.
1.0 The result, while not a substitute for the original, will still astound audiences with its mesmerizing vision.
0.875 Hayao Miyazaki has created a world simply unlike any you've seen.
0.8 The 135 minutes that Miyazaki takes to put across his many motifs are deserved considering the complexity of his task and the movie, which avoids repetition despite the many battles, does not fail to entertain.
1.0 Absolutely breathtaking!
0.9 Go in with an open mind, clear your expectations, and let it do its thing. Trust me.
0.8 The film, which runs almost two and a half hours, is paced exceedingly well and never feels too long.
0.7 ...easily one of the best-looking animated features in years.
0.7 It is definitely too much of a good thing.
0.6 The real revelation in the film is the depth and complexity of its mythology and storytelling, which manage to overcome the problems with the human story.
0.5 The movie does have potential, but in its present state it's a disappointment that few will enjoy immensely.
0.5 By the time we've reached the third film in this series, we have fallen a bit into a formula.
0.8 Wholesome and endearing dog movie.
0.75 Whirlwind direction, witty quips from screenwriter Nunnally Johnson, and the seasoned Stewart's likability ensure that the laughs keep coming in this fun film.
0.6 Some of the incidents are funny, some are so-so, some are flat. And, of course, in the end, it is concluded that for all this, the family is still strong.
0.6 Moderately enjoyable.
0.8 Powerful, kid-friendly intro to black history stories.
0.6 A screamingly unnecessary sequel... [but] the best-animated of the Disney DTV sequels to that point, by an extraordinary margin.
0.6 It still has a direct-to-video feel, despite the care that the filmmakers took to create bridges to the original film.
0.5 In the end, Lady and the Tramp II never quite justifies its existence...
0.6 Knowing it came in that glut of sequels before they really got things figured out, it really isn't that bad.
0.5 Like most sequels, this one doesn't live up to the original.
0.4 Sadly, and this annoys me to no end, 94% of the Disney sequels are just rotten. But that won't stop the studio from re-releasing the things.
0.6 OK direct to video release, no where near the original.
0.5 Made without much of the original Lady and the Tramp's spirit in mind.
0.5 It's just a neutral object, with bears.
0.5 ...comes off as an affable yet entirely needless piece of work...
0.5 the return of Dave Thomas and Rick Moranis as the idiot moose is nice, if not a little forced
0.2 ... triste constatar que a magia e a sensibilidade do primeiro filme foram substituidas por cliches, uma historia ridicula e sentimentalismo barato.
0.6 While not nearly as memorable as its predecessor, Brother Bear 2 has plenty going for it.
0.7 ...does not quite compare to some of Disney's finest animated work in terms of story or character, but it surely holds its own in terms of artwork and sound design.
0.4 Drugs and drinking make waves in family drama.
0.5 [An] unassuming, but sadly unexciting, family film.
0.625 There's real heart to be found in the story but it comes along with borderline saccharine sentimentality, a too facile ending, and clean outcomes that aren't earned.
0.375 The underwater parts of Eye of the Dolphin are kind of pretty. Unfortunately, the rest of this waterlogged drama is pretty ugly.
0.6 Eye of the Dolphin is much better than most films of this sort, and if it helps a generation of young girls want to grow up to swim with live dolphins rather than groom My Little Ponys, that's certainly not a bad thing at all.
0.6 A lonely dolphin serves as a mediator in the reconciliation of a father and daughter who don't know how to connect with each other.
0.5 There are too many fishy family crises and too few fishlike mammals in this earnest 'Flipper' update, which soft-pedals its New Age agenda until a climactic speech that promises we can learn from our dolphin pals 'not just intellectually but spiritually.'
0.375 If only the wooden acting moved with the fluidity of the underwater footage, the only bright spot in this clunky drama.
0.5 As Eye of the Dolphin makes some jarringly contrived plot twists, a viewer can imagine writer/director/executive producer Michael Sellers listing his assets and pondering how to combine them for one movie.
0.4 A limp coming-of-age tale set in the Bahamas.
0.73 Carly Schroeder is strong and the film's genuineness compensates for the 'after school special'-style script and production values, making it a pleasant, even uplifting film.
0.625 [Blu-ray Review] Lush and lovely to look at with a number of solid extras, "The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh" on Blu-ray is easily recommended for both the young and the young at heart.
0.9 One of the most charming of all Disney features... like anyone else, when I see it I am swiftly and inexorably carried back to childhood, in accordance with the drippy cliches.
1.0 While Blustery Day won an Oscar, all three cartoons deserved it.
0.85 The product of marketing genius, but at its core, this movie is entirely true to A.A. Milne's wonderful storybook intentions.
0.8 ...it's always nice, anytime, to renew one's acquaintance with A.A. Milne's delightful characters.
0.9 Quaint and fairly lovable kiddie adventures.
1.0 Although it is a spectacle film, the story of how a man takes on the tyranny of the Romans, with all sorts of horrible consequences to himself and his family, is powerful and gripping.
0.6 1959 Biblical epic has fierce blood-spilling, cruelty.
1.0 Some critics believe that William Wyler's box-office smash is no match for the 1925 silent version, but there's no denying that the race that forms the famous climax is one of the most iconic sequences in Hollywood history.
0.8 Epic in both length and stature, Ben-Hur goes on for-bloody-ever... but the action set-pieces remain unrivalled, even in the age of CGI.
1.0 A masterpiece of epic filmmaking, a profound religious experience and one of the greatest films ever made.
0.4 There is no reason to feel guilty about not loving this mammoth epic.
0.75 The kind of sweeping pseudo-biblical epic that Hollywood was famous for. If not for Heston's weak performance and Boyd's ludicrous one, the film might have been better.
1.0 The film moves with an assurance and majesty hardly seen in modern movies.
1.0 An absolute classic Hollywood epic!
1.0 Awesome spectacle, unforgettable story, Heston's best
0.9 Predictable but magnificent and satisfying.
0.875 One of the most exciting action epics ever made, blustery "Ben-Hur" is filled with over-the-top performances, but memorable scenes.
0.6 Widescreen biblical epic is bloated with spectacle and thin on plot.
1.0 A definicao classica do epico.
0.8 Charlton Heston plays Charlton Heston, but his charismatic macho woodeness carries the film like no other actor of his day.
0.84 An entertaining and compelling drama that may be shallow, but is too exciting and appealing for that to be much of a concern.
0.8 Opening with a full overture played against Michelangelo's ceiling of the Sistine Chapel, you know that you're in for something unembarrassed by its own grandiosity.
0.8 It is one of the most resplendent films you'll ever see.
0.8 ...fairly defines the word 'epic.'
0.9 Ben-Hur is not great art. But it is great fun.
1.0 Still making waves in movies today -- from The Phantom Menace's Podrace to the whole of Gladiator -- little can come close to captivating the grandeur and epic quality of William Wyler's magnificent bum numb-er.
0.4 made solely to sell Talkboys (and let's not forget the pink Talkgirls) to kids
0.0 Wasn't one of these bad enough?
0.8 Not better than the first part but funny. Pesci is great in both films.
0.2 Whatever steam Culkin gained in Home Alone was lost in this tepid sequel rehash.
0.2 So, so bad.
0.2 Money grubbing sequelitis at its most pathetic.
0.0 It is inconceivable that a worse holiday-inspired film exists.
0.875 At once enchanting and emboldening...
1.0 It is the most dynamic animated film ever made, and the prance of its camera, the sense of penetration into its action, the brilliantly paced editing pyrotechnics give it a crackle of life far more abundant than any feature that's come before.
1.0 It's cartoon Cocteau, but just look at the children's faces as they watch it.
0.875 It's exceptionally difficult to make an audience care for animated characters unless they're mermaids or anthropomorphized animals or insects, yet the Disney animators, with a big assist from the vocal talents of a superb cast, have pulled it off.
0.75 Beauty and the Beast is certainly adequate holiday entertainment for children and their more indulgent parents... But the film has little of the technical facility, vivid characterization and emotional impact of Disney past.
1.0 Remains as wondrous and beautiful as ever.
1.0 Pure fairytale escapism that doesn't boast any digital trickery, celebrity voiceovers or unnecessary action.
1.0 Disney's most perfectly achieved combination of animation, story-telling and song must surely be this loving tribute to the old fairytale.
0.6 There's no doubting the craftsmanlike elegance of the film, summoning up with relish the spirit of classic fairytale Disney of the 50s and 60s...
0.8 Unsubtle perhaps, but never fails to hit the right notes.
0.8 Magic.
1.0 Reaches a level of artistry, sophistication and musical excellence that's still to be bettered by the Mouse House - or indeed its rivals.
1.0 The greatest animated film ever made and one of the screen's great musicals hardly needs this (3D) sort of sprucing up.
1.0 I admit it: I wrote this more than 20 years ago. But, like " Beauty and the Beast" itself, I think it stands the test of time.
1.0 Disney, please understand ... what people are actually showing up for ... they just want to see classic Disney on the big screen. The 3D is incidental.
0.9 Watching this in a theater definitely makes it feel less like a "cartoon" and more like a significant film. Cogsworth poking Le Fou in the butt with a sword aside.
1.0 One of the brightest jewels in Disney's crown, Beauty and the Beast's 3D reissue takes nothing away and makes the film's brilliance even easier to appreciate; the movie is more beautiful and timeless than it ever was.
0.75 The lines have begun to show in Belle's tale, which remains enjoyable but feels more like a quaint artifact than the masterpiece it once was declared to be.
0.8 Both TANGLED EVER AFTER and BEAUTY AND THE BEAST are sure to enthrall audiences everywhere, even if the 3D doesn't really add much of anything to this animated classic.
0.75 What you gain in an extra, faked dimension you lose in lively, genuine beauty.
1.0 The 3-D pops out to enhance the drama or energy of scenes in which settings are large and integral to the action.
0.6 Beauty and the Beast looks beautiful and is sure to entertain, but this experience is superfluous at best-it was already a three-dimensional story long before these new technics.
0.375 Better remembered than seen, Beauty and the Beast has been treated unkindly not just by the years that have passed since it was released to enormous acclaim in 1991, but by a faddish 3D conversion.
1.0 The ultimate makeover story has strong, positive messages.
0.75 ...an above average (yet far-from-flawless) animated endeavor.
1.0 With its strong characters and lively storytelling, animated or not, this deserves its place alongside the cinema greats.
1.0 As far as "Classic Disney," Beauty and the Beast pretty much has it all. Y'know, for kids. [Blu-ray]
1.0 A classic story of redemption, love, purity and friendship - a film worthy of our love and attention.
0.9 This beloved 1991 film has never looked better, and seems even more magical in Blu-ray.
1.0 Beauty and the Beast is one of the year`s most entertaining films for both adults and children.
1.0 This isn't merely the best of the princess features; it's very close to being the best Disney movie of them all.
1.0 A dramatic, comic, exciting, suspenseful, joyous, and robustly magical adventure that has the bracing feel of a 3-D movie at times and approaches sensory overload.
1.0 Some of the film's ideas, which are both campy and subtle, may not be kids' stuff, but like all good movies, Disney's enchanting fairy tale operates on many different levels and thus can be enjoyed by viewers of all ages.
1.0 The best of all the Disney cartoons
0.625 Belle is so decidedly positive in every regard, so simplistically shaped to meet the desires of all audience members (both dreamy little girls and feminist objectors), that she ultimately fails as a character
0.375 She falls for a hot-tempered manimal, but is it any coincidence that he showers her with gifts the whole time?
1.0 The artistry of the animators, who combined traditional painting with computer-generated images, stands up to the best that the Disney empire ever produced.
0.9 ...filled with charm, wit, romance, humor, and plenty of songs and music.
0.7 Not quite the masterpiece we once thought.
0.9 Revoke my Cynic Badge if you must, but I say this one comes real close to the Disney Classics of yore. (I said "close!")
1.0 Una obra maestra que los hara reir, llorar, emocionarse y pensar que la vida, aunque solo sea por unos momentos, es maravillosa.
1.0 The finest Disney feature-length animated musical ever made
1.0 Ten years later, it's still flawed and still quite fascinating.
0.9 A nostalgic feast, drawing shamelessly on the best traditions of screen animation and American musical theater and film. Thoroughly derivative but thoroughly charming.
0.8 It's not an especially scary movie, but right from the start, you can tell that this Beauty and the Beast has a beauty of a bite.
1.0 For once, the Disney hyperbole was right--the film is, indeed, a timeless cinema classic.
0.875 Entirely captivating from beginning to end -- INTERVIEW w/Director Kirk Wise.
1.0 It may be a cliche to call a fairy tale enchanting, but no other adjective suffices as the film still has the wit, slapstick, and romance to enrapture children and adults alike.
1.0 This is the only animated film ever nominated for a Best Picture Oscar, and you'll see why.
0.7 The new version is amazingly sharp with backgrounds that look like Impressionist paintings.
1.0 Slipped around all my roadblocks and penetrated directly into my strongest childhood memories, in which animation looked more real than live-action features.
1.0 Not only the finest animated movie ever made, but deserves a prominent position on any list of all-time greats.
0.6 A thing of beauty for our kids, something they deserve.
0.75 If you don't have kids, go anyway.
0.6 OK slapstick in the "Home Alone" vein
0.2 Hey, at least the baby wasn't talking.
0.6 Tot-sized laughs
0.2 For the seven people out there who hoped for a movie stupider than "Home Alone 2."
0.4 Time-travel pirate adventure with boy hero, guns, swords.
0.6 Action-packed classic adventure has drinking, smoking.
0.5 The sarcastic, nasty tone of smug hipness clashes mightily with the film's shrill attempts at sincerity and lesson-learning.
0.875 A a computer-animated burlesque fairy tale that generates more belly laughs than any live-action comedy since Best in Show.
0.7 The animation, with its dimensional verisimilitude, is beguiling and the whole package ends with a noncloying dash of uplift.
0.8 There's no denying that the monster-as-hero device has 90-odd-minutes worth of entertainment mileage, and the delivery of the story's moral is handled well enough to avoid tweeness.
0.8 This animated fantasy comedy from DreamWorks is an irreverent, occasionally scatological fairy tale with state-of-the-art computer-generated images that almost steal a march on Toy Story.
1.0 The brilliance of the voice work, script, direction and animation all serve to make Shrek an adorable, infectious work of true sophistication.
0.75 The story has rollicking moments and the visuals are amazingly realistic.
1.0 Gross-out laughs meet a marvelous fairytale mix.
1.0 Though imperfect, "Shrek" offers enough diversions from animation's go-go-go that it's been sad - after lackluster third and fourth installments - to see the lovable green guy turn the way of impersonal franchise cash-grabbing.
0.9 It's one of the best fairytale films ever made, right up there with The Princess Bride.
0.75 Shrek is amusing and charming and it stands on it's own, but it does not rival Disney's best and I'm not saying it needs to, but that simply is the bar.
0.625 I seem to be the only one in the world unimpressed by this so-so animated feature.
1.0 Absolute perfection!
0.9 Bottom line: the story satisfies and the jokes avoid juvenile cliches.
0.75 What saves this movie are the performances by the actors, particularly Murphy and Myers.
0.8 The animation...is amazing.
1.0 Excelente fabula que encanta tanto criancas quanto adultos gracas ao seu humor acido e ao seu visual impressionante.
0.8 ...Altogether hip and clever, and the computer-generated 3-D animation is impeccably crisp and colorful.
0.875 A fresh twist on the fairytale humor genre.
0.8 Recommended.
0.875 Big-hearted, silly, wicked and loaded with laughs.
0.875 Sure, there's fun in the premise of a self-conscious fairy tale, mixing adventure and satire, but the film really got me when it eased up a bit on the cynicism and proved to have a big heart after all.
0.8 A movie that adults will easily enjoy every bit as much as the kids, maybe even more so.
0.82 A funny, well-paced, and satisfying twisted fairy tale.
0.875 A contemporary, yet sophisticated, concoction that throws almost every cliche...yet casts a spell over us with its charm and inventiveness.
0.58 There are numerous faults in Shrek, enough to addle the brain. Chief among these are the narrative infirmities, which begin with the attempt at creating a fairytale that subverts the storytelling conventions of tradition.
0.875 Forget Pinocchio or Snow White: children will want their parents to read them the adventures of Shrek when it's time to pick a bedtime story.
0.8 There is really something for everyone in this movie.
0.875 Has a diabolical sense of humor and a really big heart.
0.875 It delivers what the founders of DreamWorks Pictures originally promised -- alternative yet accessible entertainment.
0.8 It's the story itself that makes the film so endearing -- we actually start to care for the characters, even though we know from the start how it will all end.
0.8 Nothing in the world of fairy-tale cartoons appears to have been sacred.
1.0 Mother Goose meets Mad Magazine in easily one of the year's most entertaining movies.
1.0 ...one of the most delightful, charming, imaginative and superlative endeavors that computer animation has offered since the original 'Toy Story'...
0.875 La mas jocosa, magica y deslumbrante experiencia filmica del ano
0.8 This fable structure is allied to both a witty cynicism and sense of fun, which pervades the entire movie in equal measure.
0.6 At the heart of it lies a little story about love and acceptance that is actually rather bonny.
0.875 "Shrek" is more than just a dazzling technical achievement in digital animation, it is a witty, clever, charming romantic comedy about heroism, love and friendship.
0.9 "SHREK was good. SHREK was funny. SHREK kept me entertained. I had a blast."
1.0 A delightfully irreverent fairy tale.
1.0 The new technology is opening up entire worlds for moviegoers. Shrek is a prime example of this new movie magic.
0.7 A sly comic gem, combining a genuinely clever, very well-written story with definitive computer animation and a subversive spin.
1.0 The characters are so three-dimensional you forget you're watching painted digital creatures thought up by animation wizards.
1.0 The millennium's first great animated classic has been born. Long live Shrek!
1.0 A visually stunning animation masterpiece - Shrek is one heck of a movie.
0.69 A clever, amusing little film, but its smugness about being more politically correct than Disney is misplaced.
1.0 The best animated movie to hit the big screen since Toy Story.
0.75 This is beautiful work.
1.0 A movie that appeals to the eye, mind, heart and funny bone.
1.0 Despite all its high-tech weirdness, is really that most perdurable of human constructions, a tale told well and true.
1.0 Jolly and wicked, filled with sly in-jokes and yet somehow possessing a heart.
0.75 The movie is helped immensely by its cast, who carry it through some of the early, sluggish scenes. But this is Murphy's movie. Donkey gets most of the good lines, and Murphy hits every one.
0.9 An animated gem, on a par with the best of the modern era.
0.875 Not just a good 'kids' film,' but a genuinely funny comedy.
1.0 A fat green ogre with a grouchy disposition and worse manners, Shrek is the sort of unlikely hero that nobody could love -- except just about everyone who sees this hip and hilarious animated delight.
0.75 A gleefully fractured fairy tale that never becomes cynical or crass.
1.0 Swift, sweet, irreverent, rangy and as spirited in the writing and voice work as it is splendid in design.
1.0 It has the big green earmarks of a classic.
0.625 Much of it seems a little sad, a deconstructivist overlay of jaded irony.
0.875 Not quite as clever as the Toy Story films, but still features some first-rate vocal performances by Mike Myers, Eddie Murphy and John Lithgow.
0.8 The lack of manipulative sentimentality in Shrek allows for the more serious moments to be genuinely touching and meaningful.
1.0 Fast, irreverent and magnificently animated and acted.
0.875 A picture that truly is a perfect family film.
0.625 Toy Story 2 had a higher in-jokes/laughs ratio without straining to demonstrate its hipness or to evoke heartfelt emotions.
0.75 A drolly satirical but genuinely enchanting animated adventure.
0.8 A rollicking good time.
0.7 Torturing the Gingerbread Man? I'm sold.
0.8 Beating up on the irritatingly dainty Disney trademarks is nothing new; it's just that it has rarely been done with the demolition-derby zest of Shrek.
0.875 Even though Shrek never enters Pixar's rarified league, it is an imaginative and side-splitting movie that is a treat for young and old.
1.0 On its own merits, it's great fun.
1.0 This isn't just a fractured fairy tale, it's a storybook vision in a mushroom cloud of imagination and fun.
0.625 Big hit with kids AND adults but didn't gratify me.
0.7 Not to say that the film isn't amusing, but if you were looking for the Disney-killer, keep looking.
0.875 This isn't your grandmother's animated movie.
0.75 A fresh fruitatious smorgasbord of laughter that has but one disappointing blemish.
0.875 Shrek is not a guilty pleasure for sophisticated movie-goers; it is, purely and simply, a pleasure.
0.875 A world-class charmer.
0.625 This postmodern Dreamworks cartoon takes brilliant, albeit infrequenet, jabs at Disney's totalitarian control of the fairy tale genre.
0.8 Chalk this sucker up with Toy Story 2 and Chicken Run in the 'fun for the whole family' category.
1.0 The same low-tech requirements hold in the high-tech world of digital cinema: it all starts with the script.
0.875 A new animated classic has been born.
0.5 Firehouse Dog is a run of the mill kids film. Adults will be fairly bored by it, and how many kids like it depends on how much they like goofy animal tricks.
0.6 Equal parts dog adventure and father-son tale.
0.6 Breezy, silly and energetic, this canine frolic won't win top prize at Crufts, but it should offer an alternative to Pottered-out parents with young pups to please.
0.4 Take the kids and have a nap in the dull bits.
0.4 Firehouse Dog certainly won't be the hottest thing to hit cinemas this summer.
0.6 The dog is as cute as you'd expect, while Hutcherson gives a characteristically believable performance. Adults may not be quite as enamoured, but Firehouse Dog should keep them awake to the end
0.2 Needs hosing down.
0.6 As well as potty humour, this canine Backdraft has its share of adult moments. Mostly, though, it's family fun, with Hutcherson showing he's the go-to kid for sensitive loners.
0.4 I myself growled and whimpered like an abused canine after a couple of hours of this sub-Lassie silliness, though the film threw me the occasional choc-drop in the form of a gag.
0.4 Todd Holland's film manipulates the prickly issues with scant regard for emotional credibility. The sentimentality is ghastly, but Rex has his moments.
0.6 Welcome emotional gravity.
0.4 No matter how you hose it down, it's always gonna smell of wet dog.
0.8 Enjoyable, well made family drama with strong performances, an engaging plot, impressive action sequences and a decent script.
0.71 Neither memorable nor innovative, Firehouse Dog ekes out success by executing a familiar family film formula faithfully.
0.5 It may not set the box office on fire, but this canine caper is more agreeable than your average underdog tale.
0.7 The strong performances and sharp dialog more than make up for some corny effects.
0.4 Perhaps the lesson to be learned is that just because we can use computer technology to give dogs goofy faces, that doesn't mean we should.
0.75 It's not animated.It's not Disney.It's not moronic.And, sadly, that might mean that the entertaining, worthwhile "Firehouse Dog" could go missing.
0.166666666667 We're forced to endure plenty of scatological gags and treacly exchanges between Shane and his distant dad as the film imparts an obvious message about the frivolity of stardom.
0.4 Most of the film sits firmly in a comfort zone of fart jokes and dogs doing cool tricks.
0.375 Almost two hours of tedious vulgarity, which leaves plenty of time to feel sorry for Greenwood, whose efforts to deliver a warm, subtle performance are regularly upstaged by poo jokes and bratty hijinks.
0.4 There were plenty of fart jokes and dog burps to make my kids laugh.
0.6 Scruffy, spirited, family-friendly comedy with too many flatulence jokes and pooch-related puns.
0.4 ...the movie isn't particularly bad, but it's utterly and absolutely insignificant.
0.5 A movie that is probably too intense for younger children yet too simplistic for their older siblings or grownups.
0.5 Concentrates on plot, lots and lots of plot, a butt-numbing 111 minutes of plot with at least six subplots. Unless your child has the patience of a saint, I'd suggest proceeding with caution.
0.3 throws most of its well-chewed bones to the youngest of patrons and treats ticket-purchasing parents like hydrants.
0.5 It's harmless enough for young kids, but director Todd Holland seems to have little interest in making anything but a generic, instantly forgettable family-friendly feature.
0.5 If it's not the dog of the week, this is surely a bow-wow flick without pedigree.
0.5 Firehouse Dog is credited to three writers, but not one of them seems to have a solitary spark of an idea.
0.6 Despite a clunky start (and pedestrian filmmaking) the story has enough humour and heroics to amuse viewers of any age.
0.625 It's got a formulaic plot, the jokes are middling, and... the acting's nothing to write home about, either. It's acceptable [for kids], if disposable.
0.75 Firehouse Dog has good fire action, an engaging cast and enough vividly shot turns, surprises and bowwow reactions to hold the firm attention of pet lovers from age 5 on up. Go fetch.
0.75 Despite every expected turn of events, this is a real hero story.
0.75 Like a loyal pet, Firehouse Dog ends up being a fun family experience all ages will enjoy.
0.625 A quality dramedy that knows how to satisfy its target audience. Rexxx is talented in tricks and stunts, but this is Josh Hutcherson's film all the way.
0.625 Intertwining more storylines than a dog walker's clutch of leashes, Firehouse Dog nevertheless gets them all neatly resolved, pets in the right hands and wrongdoers in the can.
0.75 It has one of the best -- if not always the most heartwarming -- dog-and-his-boy relationships since Lassie.
0.25 If there was a good idea at the core of this film, it's been buried in an unsightly pile of flatulence jokes, dog-related bad puns and a ridiculous serial arson plot.
0.75 In a film that's effectively the canine version of Doc Hollywood, the title character learns to sift false from true values. It's barking up the right tree.
0.375 You'd be better off taking your kid to visit a dog run for a couple of hours.
0.5 This is an oddly second-rate production for a major-studio release; the underwhelming mystery belongs in a Scooby-Doo episode, and the slapdash direction is just as shaggy.
0.75 Firehouse Dog is a wholesome throwback to a time before computer animators made animals talk and penguins hogged the glory.
0.625 An entertaining family comedy full of both tricks and trickery.
0.375 Is it impossible to make an exciting, warm-hearted live-action movie for kids that doesn't insult the taste and intelligence of adults who take them to theaters?
0.375 Firehouse Dog isn't quite the equivalent of the 1999 talking-infant bomb Baby Geniuses, but at times it's close enough for discomfort.
0.6 In Firehouse Dog a pampered Hollywood pooch trades his movie-star lifestyle for a run-down firehouse sadly in need of a mascot.
0.5 The fun-loving flea-bitten fable Firehouse Dog is a cutesy kiddie comedy that unfortunately barks up the wrong tree.
0.375 ...so overstuffed with heavy themes and convoluted plot lines that it barely manages to squeeze in the requisite gags about canine flatulence.
0.375 Nothing says "family film" like a doggie foursome!
0.5 Had it been made shortly after 9/11, Firehouse Dog might have seemed like a shameless attempt to marry the country's reverence for the New York Fire Department with Air Bud.
0.6 Though it never completely catches fire, there's enough earnestness and warmth that makes it a welcome alternative in a family film arena dominated by computer animation and associated toy lines.
0.8 The real question is: How does it go from setup A to inevitable payoff B? Answer: with humor, humanity and production values a cut above your average boy-and-his-dog movie.
0.4 Firehouse Dog is like that corgi or collie who won't or can't learn a trick. It just lies there, looking cute, gathering fleas.
0.75 Once it figures out it's more drama than comedy, Firehouse Dog does the job.
0.625 Miley might not become another Britney, if she keeps away from those way-cute Jonas boys. They look like trouble. I think they've actually experienced hormones.
0.5 ...possesses few elements designed to appeal to viewers over a certain age...
0.5 I found myself imagining boardrooms full of people going over market research about exactly which lime-green sneaker/jean jacket combo will get the maximum pop-lust response from the fans and create the biggest marketing opportunity.
0.8 Her great time is your great time -- if you're into it.
0.6 I can't think of a better recommendation for the DVD... than the fact that my two sons wanted to watch it.
0.125 A film that opens with celebuspawn Cyrus practising scales and ends with me wrapping my lips around the barrel of a twelve-gauge
0.5 "Cyrus is that pageant child often drawn in to the background whenever her dad Billy Ray is on set, and he even manages to attach himself in to her act..."
0.6 Parents of younger fans will be pleased to note that although there's lots of jumping about and running around plus enough lipgloss to paint the Forth Bridge, there is not so much as a hint of raunch.
0.4 Just weeks after U2's 3D concert movie comes another shameless cash-in.
0.6 This movie either marks the end of civilization or it's just jolly good fun.
0.4 Little more than a Disney cash-cow entirely wasted on anyone old enough to smoke, drink or vote.
0.4 A proper little trouper with enough charisma to render the 3D visuals redundant.
0.6 Anyone under theage of ten won't have a clue what's going on, but it's perfect fodder for its target audience.
0.75 Entertaining, thanks entirely to the charms of its 15-year-old star.
0.875 There's something adorable about this whole Miley Cyrus phenomenon that appeals to, well, the girl in me.
0.6 ...not a great concert, but a pretty good one, and great seats.
0.625 The movie spectacular to fulfill your little girls' wildest dreams, and at a considerably lower rate than the live concert.
0.6 With the disinterest of one not being badgered into coughing up $18 a ticket, what I saw felt a lot like the Barbie's Playhouse version of Madonna's Truth or Dare.
0.6 Young fans will love sugary sweet concert film.
0.625 For parents who were unable to secure tickets for the young fans in their households, it's nothing short of a godsend.
0.625 One's opinion of it may depend more on age and parental status than exposure to other rock-concert films. But there's no denying the film delivers on its promise.
0.625 It's great for kids to see that Miley doesn't just wake up polished. She makes mistakes, she practices - there's a learning curve and work involved. Fans are sure to enjoy.
0.7 Whether you like the music or not, you can't fault Miley -- this young lady works her petite fanny off performing for her fans, and she seems to be having a great time doing it ...
0.625 Hannah Montana & Miley Cyrus is Bubble Yum for the eyes and ears. But given the demographic, that works.
0.625 What this concert film and documentary makes clear is that the real Miley is not just like her predominantly pre-adolescent, female fans.
0.6 Hannah Montana and Miley Cyrus: Best of Both Worlds Concert is a diverting 3-D artifact of Ms. Cyrus's just concluded tour.
0.625 Obviously, there's no replicating the real thing. But it's as close as you'll come to achieving the best of both worlds.
0.5 Miley Cyrus is not U2.
0.625 Totally slick and vanilla, but you have to like a kid who works this hard.
0.8 An exciting adventure, and a lot of fun to watch.
0.0 That even the kids in the audience didn't really laugh at all the hyperactive mugging and slapsticky animal nonsense pretty much tells you what an excruciating 91-minute endurance test this is.
0.1 Here is a film that doesn't just scrape the bottom of the barrel, it demands that you lick it.
0.4 Almost as much of a relief as making it through to the end is realising earlier on that none of the creatures will be talking for the duration of the picture. This reduces the annoyance factor considerably for anyone over the age of nine.
0.3 Oh, the horror! It's the writers who deserve to be sprayed by skunks for giving us this stinker.
0.3 Oh, the horror! It's the writers who deserve to be sprayed by skunks for giving us this stinker.
0.2 Fraser merece creditos pelo esforco e por nao temer o ridiculo. Por outro lado, isto nao e desculpa para a atrocidade representada por este filme racista, mal dirigido e sem a menor graca.
0.2 People often ask reviewers to choose the worst film of the year so far. At last I have a cast-iron candidate.
0.25 Furry a bit mangy.
0.2 A feeble family comedy that really tests your patience.
0.2 Even by the low standards of live action funny animal movies, Furry Vengeance is a pretty bad film, the sort of low gag rate family flick that aims for generic suitable-for-all fun and satisfies no-one in the process.
0.3 There is an environmental message delivered along with the goofy mayhem involved in catching the fuzzy culprits. But fair warning: once inside the theater, the audience is trapped.
0.2 Shields is not a natural comic performer, to say the least. Her face has the comic mobility and expressiveness of an Easter Island statue.
0.2 The best thing you can say about Furry Vengeance is that it's kid friendly -- provided, that is, the kids are under five and a touch slow.
0.6 Sophisticated it isn't, but there are some decent visual gags and Fraser is good fun as the man at war with nature.
0.4 Fraser's lantern-jawed mugging becomes irritating all too soon, although younger viewers may get a kick out of the ingenious antics of skunks, raccoons and grizzly bears as they get the better of numbskull humans.
0.0 Not a good time. Seriously, really not a good time.
0.6 Goofball fun that will have kids -- big and small -- rolling in the aisles
0.6 Not a film where viewers will learn an awful lot, this is aimed fair and square at entertaining children and perhaps their parents' inner children. In this aim, it succeeds.
0.4 Did they have to pad it out with so many repeated pratfalls and inconsequential guff? It should play well enough with the under tens, mind.
0.25 If you only take your children to see movies like Up ... they'll think every film is going to be fantastic. That's not very good training for the disappointments of life, so Furry Vengeance does have one purpose.
0.4 Overall, it's all a bit rubbish, but if you like Brendan Fraser's big rubbery face then there's chuckles to be had.
0.2 When you throw furry animals, silly slapstick and rubber-faced big-name stars at the screen, and you can still hear more children crying than laughing in the audience, you can't help but feel that they've missed the point somewhat.
0.0 an experience in collective embarrassment %u2014 embarrassment for yourself, your fellow audience and the actors onscreen forced to take part in the movie's wildly inept, bottom-of-the-barrel shenanigans.
0.1 Mind-rottingly reprehensible and vile -- not to mention stupefyingly unfunny and embarrassing.
0.4 Disappointing comedy that's let down by a lazy script, some truly dreadful CGI effects and a lack of decent laughs, though undemanding young children will probably enjoy it.
0.3 It's Mother Nature against the Pillsbury Dough Boy!
0.2 The movie is both slack and dumb -- a trying combo -- and it's heavily burdened with a big green message.
0.4 Furry Vengeance is heavy on eco-moralizing and poop jokes but a little short on likable two-legged characters.
0.3125 Kids will probably enjoy the scenes with the animals getting the best of the humans, and they will all absorb the message that nature needs to be protected, All the bad acting and boring moments in the script will be overlooked.
0.0 There is nothing remotely entertaining, endearing or enjoyable about 'Furry Vengeance,' a ghastly movie that has to be one of the year's worst.
0.2 So few films are totally aimed at kids, and tearing this one to shreds is not pleasurable.
0.2 It is not, repeat NOT, for anyone whose age is approaching double-digits
0.1 The end credits cast sing-along to a cover of 'Insane in the Brain' completes the litany of idiotic filmmaking choices that made the whole thing so unwatchable to begin with.
0.2 Witless and wince-inducing -- a slapstick misfire of epic proportions, even by downwardly adjusted expectations of movies in which anthropomorphized animals do battle with humans.
0.4 Brendan Fraser: Human being or cartoon character?
0.0 Furry Vengeance is billed as a comedy, but I doubt it'll make you laugh. It might, however, cause you to weep for Brendan Fraser.
0.25 The paradox here is that the message of respect for animal life is outweighed by the lack of respect for human beings.
0.2 Furry Vengeance is unbearable. (Actually, the bear's performance is pretty good.)
0.2 Furry Vengeance would be innocuous enough if only it didn't look as though no effort was made to expand the images past the storyboard phase.
0.2 Simply dire.
0.2 ... unfunny trash ...
0.2 Timber! This eco-themed family film falls flat.
0.1 Furry Vengeance is one of the worst films I have ever seen.
0.25 Even the obligatory blooper reel that runs during the closing credits is painful in its desperation to generate laughs.
0.25 Imagine Alfred Hitchcock's The Birds as a children's comedy, and you have a rough idea of the excruciatingly unfunny Furry Vengeance, which keeps slamming the audience over the head with a single joke.
0.5 Kids will lose their minds at the sight of Fraser in a skin-tight pink tracksuit with the words "Yum Yum" on his sizeable backside. Parents will sigh and eat popcorn.
0.4 Even calling it a family flick is to run the risk of guiding families toward it by mistake.
0.75 The plot of Furry Vengeance is identical to that of the animated Over the Hedge, but what Furry lacks in originality it makes up for in cleverness.
0.375 How embedded has Earth Day become in our culture? It now gets its own inane Hollywood movie to mark the occasion.
0.65 Not since Antichrist has a man suffered so greatly at the tiny, grabby hands of God's creatures. Nature is not our friend, kids, and it's not to be disrespected or underestimated.
0.4 The whole movie feels extrapolated from the five-second clip of a scheming chipmunk on YouTube, bulked out with shots of Fraser being thwacked with some generic crunch noise and falling backwards with his feet in the air.
0.125 Brought to you by Participant Media, makers of Food, Inc. and The Cove. Next time, guys, give a hoot and don't pollute the multiplex. Save the children. [Blu-ray]
0.1 ...it seems the animals have already taken their revenge on any humans unfortunate enough to see this film.
0.0 So obnoxious, so inept, so vile, so distasteful, and so unfunny it should successfully act as repellent for all viewers outside of humanoid sewer dwellers who have never seen a movie before and may be attracted to the sight of moving images.
0.5 It's silly stuff, riddled with the predictable bodily function humor and humiliation of adults that kids seem to love.
0.25 Fraser has never been more "doofus-y" than in this moronic humiliation comedy, which actually gets dumber as it goes.
0.125 In its cretinous fashion, Furry Vengeance is almost impressive. Here's a pro-nature, anti-development family comedy that appears to be made by and for people who never leave the mall.
0.3 dumb as dirt
0.375 Even before Brendan Fraser is blasted in the puss with skunk spray, 'Furry Vengeance' stinks
0.2 Previously known as 'Horribly Embarrassing Brendan Fraser Project.'
0.2 A stupid, mean-spirited little movie that ranks down there with the worst in recent memory. Distant memory, too.
0.125 Snicker all you want at the unfortunate title of director Roger Kumble's horrible family film, for that's the only thing funny about it.
0.375 Director Roger Kumble began his big-screen career with a clever Dangerous Liaisons set in high school, Cruel Intentions, and worked his way down to College Road Trip and now this.
0.6 Jim Henson's film noir spoof is full of doggy gags and guns.
0.6 Lil Bow Wow in family friendly fantasy.
0.6 It's formulaic stuff but done with enough gusto to entertain.
0.1 There's no excuse to come within a hundred feet of a screen playing this monstrosity of a movie.
0.0 There's no joke about the wretchedness that is Like Mike--except the cruel one on anyone who gets suckered into watching this crap.
0.6 A fantasy fable that should keep everyone in the family entertained.
0.5 ...Full of stereotypical characters, plot holes, and unconvincing dialogue delivered by a host of so-so actors...
0.6 Though it doesn't exactly offer any great shakes in terms of plot or character development, the film's entertaining enough to be watched by kids and adults alike.
0.4 This irritatingly feeble basketball movie for kids is co-produced by the NBA, for whom it is pretty candidly designed as a giant feature-length commercial.
0.3 [A] dire sports film.
0.3 Basically, this deeply unimaginative film is a feature-length advertisement for the NBA, sponsored by Nike.
0.6 A fantasy fable that should keep everyone in the family entertained.
0.75 Hey, any movie that has Crispin Glover running an orphanage is good for a laugh.
0.625 A cheery, crowd-pleasing sports fantasy built around a winning performance from a very young rap star.
0.5 However intoxicating young moviegoers might find Calvin's on-court success, what was needful onscreen was more of the simple humanity a story about orphans should not only have recognized but delivered.
0.75 Keep an eye on Lil Bow Wow, folks. If Like Mike is any indication, he's bound to score again.
0.5 It's not so much a movie as a joint promotion for the National Basketball Association and teenaged rap and adolescent poster-boy Lil' Bow Wow.
0.3 With its paint fights, motorized scooter chases and dewy-eyed sentiment, it's a pretty listless collection of kid-movie cliches.
0.4 A featherweight kids' movie set against a heavily sponsored official NBA backdrop, John Schultz's Like Mike is superhero fantasy for sport-minded youngsters and the adults they watch TV with.
0.75 Seeing Lil Bow Wow go toe-to-toe (or, more accurately, face-to-kneecap) against the stars of the game is loads of fun.
0.5 The film is typical sappy fare with 'little life lessons' being learned all over the place. It isn't the film is bad -- I, as an adult, found it just too predictable for this day and age.
0.75 [A] heart-warming, family-friendly sports movie about a kid who literally ends up in the supercharged basketball sneakers that used to belong to NBA superstar Michael Jordan.
0.2 Like Mike is a slight and uninventive movie: Like the exalted Michael Jordan referred to in the title, many can aspire but none can equal.
0.375 The kiddie sports fantasy Like Mike double dribbles...Although it appears that Like Mike may be a rollicking good time in all its formulaic frenzy, the film has all the impact and subtlety of a charging foul call.
0.5 Kid-friendly.
0.5 Like Mike isn't going to make box office money that makes Michael Jordan jealous, but it has some cute moments, funny scenes, and hits the target audience (young Bow Wow fans) - with nothing but net.
0.2 ...a low rate Annie featuring some kid who can't act, only echoes of Jordan, and weirdo actor Crispin Glover screwing things up old school.
0.5 Amiable enough, but far too cliched and steadfastly generic to be worth recommending.
0.75 It helps that Lil Bow Wow ... tones down his pint-sized gangsta act to play someone who resembles a real kid.
0.625 If you'd like a sweet and simple story where the final score is never in doubt, lace 'em up and head to the theater.
0.3 Regrettably, Like Mike is more reminiscent of Michael Jordan's short lived baseball career than his legendary basketball one.
0.2 I've seen some bad singer-turned actors, but Lil Bow Wow takes the cake.
0.625 Offers a gentle summer fantasy for both grown-ups and little ones.
0.5 Pleasant but not more than recycled jock piffle.
0.3 A harmless, if ultimately inane, fantasy-comedy vehicle for youngsta-rapper Lil' Bow Wow.
0.625 A squeaky-clean, warmhearted movie parents can send kids to without worries.
0.6 It should manage to work its own form of magic over young (and even some older) viewers enough times to earn a passing grade.
0.75 One of the summer's pleasant surprises.
0.75 An efficient, exceedingly likable family film about orphans and sports that comes with equal doses of sentimentality, corny jokes and life lessons.
0.7 An agreeable summertime crowd-pleaser, especially if the crowd includes a lot of 5-to 15-year-olds who enjoy sports.
0.4 This isn't movie-making designed for a lot of scrutiny.
0.625 Both the slapstick and the schmaltz are workmanlike enough to keep the little ones' eyes wide and bright. Grown-ups should be prepared to have their nerves milked dry.
0.5 Essentially an unoriginal 'poor-lil'-orphan' story jazzed up with some crowd-pleasing hoops action and a string of cameo appearances by NBA stars such as Allen Iverson, Jason Kidd and Chris Webber.
0.75 Armed with a game supporting cast, from the pitch-perfect Forster to the always hilarious Meara and Levy, Like Mike shoots and scores, doing its namesake proud.
0.5 Like Mike is a winner for kids, and no doubt a winner for Lil Bow Wow, who can now add movies to the list of things he does well.
0.6 Like Mike is what feel-good family movies are meant to be. It aims its humour and pathos at children without excluding adults.
0.5 A ho-hum effort populated by a far more engaging cast than it deserves.
0.5 A movie that can't help but trip over its own wholesomeness.
0.5 An incredibly slight comedy that earns points because it's clean and has a good message. It's just not terribly funny.
0.75 Bow's best moments are when he's getting busy on the basketball court because that's when he really scores.
0.75 The movie overcomes its lack or originality in the setup by making good use of its central idea, that a pair of sneakers could make a kid into an NBA star.
0.75 In the long, dishonorable history of quickie teen-pop exploitation, Like Mike stands out for its only partly synthetic decency.
0.4 The pain of watching notable actors Robert Forster and Eugene Levy suffer the ridiculousness of starring opposite a teen rap sensation in an innocuous summer kiddie movie is at times unbearable and downright ugly.
0.25 What we really want to see is Like Mike 2, in which the shoes make Calvin get caught up in a gambling scandal, then ill-advisedly quit the NBA to become a mediocre pro baseball player.
0.75 Like Mike doesn't win any points for originality. It does succeed by following a feel-good formula with a winning style, and by offering its target audience of urban kids some welcome role models and optimism.
0.75 Unlike most movies for children, Like Mike was made with care.
0.75 A clean movie suitable for young children.
0.75 Like Mike is a harmlessly naive slice of b-ball fantasy, fit for filling in during the real NBA's off-season.
0.625 So accomplished is Like Mike as an article of league public relations that one is easily distracted from its schematic story line.
0.8 Any movie lucky enough to feature a single shot with Mr. Levy, Mr. Forster and Mr. Glover -- three actors with odd and unique timing -- deserves an audience.
0.8 A sure-fire heart-warmer: lively, funny yet emotion-charged and uplifting.
0.7 The movie's gravity-defying dunks are a lot to swallow, but Bow Wow is likable as a down-on-his-luck orphan abused by his greedy guardian.
0.75 Like Mike isn't interested in recycling old cliches. It wants to tweak them with a taste of tangy new humor.
0.625 Bow Wow has a genuinely winning presence that makes the movie easy to take.
0.6 The script is right out of the Hollywood formula box, but LBW has a lot of charm and there is an able cast of supporting players.
0.375 A soulless jumble of ineptly assembled cliches and pabulum that plays like a 95-minute commercial for NBA properties.
0.4 It takes a strange kind of laziness to waste the talents of Robert Forster, Anne Meara, Eugene Levy, and Reginald VelJohnson all in the same movie.
0.75 A wonderfully sweet orphan, Calvin is an endearing character who'll bring a constant smile to your face and leave just a bit of a lump in your throat.
0.5625 A strong first quarter, slightly less so second quarter, and average second half.
0.6 Lighthearted superhero action is fun -- but big toy ad.
0.75 Beautifully animated and utterly charming.
0.625 A typically slick effort from DreamWorks Animation...
0.8 As a child who loathed the wholesomeness of Disney and wholeheartedly embraced the madcap antics of Bugs Bunny, Wile E. Coyote and Daffy Duck this film was perfect for me.
0.6 The film has some serious problems, the first being - and yes, I feel ridiculous for even attributing this complaint to a film with the above title - a completely pat narrative that seriously lacks character development
0.4 Me quede con hambre de mas y es que siento que Dreamworks, fuera del verde Shrek, no ha encontrado la formula para darle verdadera batalla a Disney Pixar.
0.75 Inked more by its influences than originality, "Monsters" gets exhaustive with its rapid-fire references. That said, if this works as a shiny primer to one day introduce children to classic sci-fi, satire, fantasy and anime, well, more power to it.
0.75 Not as wonderful as Kung Fu Panda, Monsters vs. Aliens is the next best thing that DreamWorks Animation has produced.
0.5 ...for kids Monsters vs. Aliens has a lot of color and action, and it's not too scary. Fair enough. As long as you're a kid.
0.625 A happy, family-friendly movie without a mean bone in its mutated body, even though it features a giant killer robot machine and its four-eyed alien squid master, a megalomaniac who's out to kill and/or enslave all of humanity.
0.625 The real reason to see this movie is the stunning 3-D craftsmanship.
0.6 This movie was comfortably middle of the road. While Dreamworks has frankly annoyed me to the point of almost-boycott, they can't forever turn out such drivel, right? Monsters Vs Aliens is not poo at all, it's not bad. It's not going to set the world o
0.75 It continues to be a banner year for animation, with "Monsters vs. Aliens" proving to be a fast-paced and witty family adventure that simultaneously pays homage to and pokes fun at all those cheesy science fiction films from the 1950s.
0.625 A film that relies more on gimmicks than on plotting.
0.5 moiazei me mikser poy o kathenas petakse mesa tin idea toy me ligo seloteip gia na kollisei
0.6 It's too bad the new 3D glasses can't fix sloppy writing.
0.625 Monsters vs. Aliens still packs a sufficient amount of jolting jocularity that is sure to satisfy the entertaining mindsets of youngsters and oldsters alike...a zesty escapist treat
0.7 Not only spectacularly well made but frequently very funny.
0.7 If you are looking for a diversionary flick you can take the kids to and everybody comes out having had a good time, this is perfect.
0.6 The latest cartoon from DreamWorks isn't a classic, but it makes the grade for Easter viewing.
0.6 Monsters vs. Aliens is both a spoof and celebration of mid-century creature features, offering positive, if well-worn, "messages for the kids."
0.8 The voice casting is superb, with Hugh Laurie and Seth Rogen the standouts along with Witherspoon. There's also plenty of amazing action. The epic battle over the Golden Gate bridge is as exciting as any top live-action movie.
0.5 Given that the film was sold as the biggest kind of spectacle, it's disappointing though not surprising that it's so barbarically typical.
0.875 Susan is a character with real, um, weight...
0.75 This bright and lively computer-animated 3D comedy-adventure gives the masters of animation at Pixar a run for their box office riches.
0.625 This is a movie that will more than delight the younger tykes.
0.875 ...the first really memorable film of 2009, and clearly the most fun.
0.5 Monsters vs Aliens is skilfully animated and spasmodically funny, but you get the impression the film's seven (!) writers ran out of ideas two-thirds of the way through.
0.7 A comprehensively entertaining package. If there's a lack of originality, the film is bolstered by the sheer verve of the animation and effects.
0.6 Engagingly nerdy movie in-jokes are clearly a step in the right direction for DreamWorks after the rather crass and bombastic approach of the Shrek movies.
0.6 It's all very good value, although I have a vague feeling that a gallery of freaky sci-fi creatures, as in Monsters Inc, may not engage the young audience's sympathies as much as humanoids. Great fun, anyway.
0.4 The movie never grows a heart, which doesn't stop it trying to tattoo one onto its chest. By the whizz-bang climax inside the alien mothership, I was fidgeting like a four-year-old at Cosi fan tutte.
0.4 Heart and soul are sacrificed for sequences of loud characters pinballing across the screen in search of an easy laugh. The whole endeavour is an unsubtle, in your face CG-animated assault from DreamWorks.
0.6 Despite being second out of the 3D traps after Bolt, their first special-specs-required outing is at least as eye-catching as Pixar's Oscar-nominated pacesetter. Occasionally, it's even better.
0.6 DreamWorks Animation tries something new, but we prefer its talking-animal comedies Madagascar and Kung Fu Panda.
0.8 A snappy script and some neat 3D make for an above-average romp with plenty of in-jokes for cineastes and fan-boys alike.
0.6 DreamWorks still has a lot to learn about the superior powers of immersion exerted by a well-told story.
0.8 This is probably THE family film of the year so far and it's one that has enough grown up (and by that I don't mean rude) gags to ensure that adults enjoy this too. The script is razor sharp and the voice cast is spot one.
0.7 The kids may not get all the references, but theya(TM)ll enjoy the spectacular action and broad comedy, especially if they manage to see it in 3D.
0.6 They're outweighed by moments of real, albeit surreal, charm - like when gelatinous BOB chats up a dish of pineapple jelly at a pool party - that would melt the heart of even a sentient blob of gloop.
0.8 The voice cast has been well chosen, with everyone delivering their lines with just the right mix of satire and seriousness. It all makes for a horrifyingly humorous hour-and-a-half.
0.8 Besides a big heart, it has outstanding 3-D action sequences
0.4 This Easter digimation romp is big on action and slapstick, small on charm, tiny on wit and endurability; unless you are nine, when anything goes.
0.8 Aficianadoes of 1950s monster movies should have a ball spotting all the references. All anyone else requires is a taste for good fun.
0.6 This lively story about a young girl who gets hit by a meteor on her wedding day that turns her into a giant is certainly wacky enough.
0.8 The film lacks the soft, friendly edge of something like Monsters, Inc and sags a little after the first big fight, but it's gigantic fun nevertheless.
0.8 Enjoyable, frequently funny comedy with strong, likeable characters, impressive animation and a script that's packed with both terrific gags and subtle movie references for film fans.
0.8 With a sharply funny script, vivid characters and eye-popping imagery, this is a raucously enjoyable animated film
0.8 Kids will adore the flash 3D visuals, brilliant action sequences and ace sight gags. Mums, dads and others will relish the quickfire dialogue-some of the best we've heard for a while in any film-and the affectionate nods to sci-fi of times past.
0.8 The animation is spectacular and the action full on. The monsters are cute and lovable even though they're still pretty ugly.
0.8 Monsters vs Aliens is still unlikely to blow your mind, but it will make you bust a gut laughing, and that's certainly something worth celebrating in animation.
0.75 Spielberg references, action, humor, romance and 3D. What more do you want from a family-friendly flick?
0.8 I think many young children will learn from this film without even realizing they're being taught something.
0.7 MONSTERS VS ALIENS comes so close to being something truly special, but even as a movie that's just enjoyably above average it beats the pants off everything else that Dreamworks has done so far.
0.625 a brightly colored mash-up of pop-culture gags that speeds at you so fast and furiously that it feels like a rush even if you can't remember much about it the next day
0.4 A terrific idea with the heart sucked out.
0.8 3-D debris (both animal and mineral) fly out of the screen every minute or so. Best wear an apron if you're suggestible.
0.7 There's nothing really wrong with it, but there is a lot that isn't quite right.
0.625 In what other movie do you get shout-outs to "Close Encounters of the Third Kind" and "Beverly Hills Cop" in the same frame. "Monsters vs. Aliens" might be a better time capsule of kitsch than an actual movie.
0.375 On the bright side, it's short.
0.4 The 3-D effects look great, no doubt, but the film ultimately falls victim to a contrived, unoriginal plot that just shows once again how far behind Disney/Pixar, DreamWorks Animation is.
0.625 In the case of Monsters v. Aliens--henceforth to be referred to as 'Monsters Vs. Aliens'--we find in favor of monsters.
0.7 The 3-D enhances the movie rather than detracting from it and that is not always the case.
0.5 The jokes are good; the animation is fine; the 3-D is awesome. But still the film fails to make a monster or an alien as powerful a character as the little clownfish Marlin from FINDING NEMO.
0.75 I was hoping Monsters Vs. Aliens would turn out to be a documentary about the Trial Lawyers Association against the Taliban. Maybe both sides would get wiped out?
0.5 With a title like Monsters Vs. Aliens, [it] tells you exactly what it's going to be. Yet so did Snakes on a Plane, and somehow that movie managed to disappoint as well.
0.6 In short, if you're going to see Monsters vs. Aliens, the only way to do it is in 3D. Looking back, I think I'd be miserable just watching a 2D screening of this movie.
0.625 Pleasant but often pedestrian.
0.625 Attack of the 50 Foot Shrug.
0.6 Monsters Vs. Aliens is a fine rainy-Sunday diversion, but if you want real monster and alien fun, hit up Netflix and rent some of the classics that inspired it.
0.6 A loud, rushed, choppy, silly, colorful Nintendo game of a movie. And it could have been DreamWorks' version of "The Incredibles."
0.875 A wholesome family flick that everybody can enjoy, provided mom and dad are willing to turn off their brains when they put on the 3-D glasses.
0.75 Monsters vs. Aliens is genetically engineered to appeal to young and old alike. That's not how you make an animated classic, though.
0.75 There is something magical about watching a well-made 3-D feature film--even one with a less than stellar script--to listen to the ooh's and ahs and giggles generated by kids in a sold-out theater.
0.875 The ongoing advances in animation make it easier for filmmakers to create worlds we can get lost in, which is exactly what happens here.
0.75 As the first out of the gate, this family-friendly movie is a legitimate contender for best animated feature film.
1.0 Original. Clever. Brilliant. Insert your own adjective here. Monsters Vs. Aliens is flat out the funniest flick of the year.
0.75 You'll probably take your kids to see Monsters vs. Aliens, but you might have more fun seeing the movie without them.
0.6 Plenty of giggles and thrills to keep the kiddies happy while a clever script filled with nods to the alien invasion movies of the 1950s will keep their parents in stitches.
0.5 It's about a tenth as entertaining as, say, Monsters, Inc. -- one of the lesser Pixar movies -- and it doesn't reach the same heights as DreamWorks' previous monster franchise, Shrek.
0.8 Now, I know I can't predict the future, nor do I have a Magic 8 Ball at my disposal, but I just don't see how Up will be able to outperform the sensational Monsters vs. Aliens, which is one monster mash that truly is a graveyard smash.
0.75 I am strong, I am invincible, I am woman takes on a whole new meaning at 50 feet tall.
0.7 This is an example of a mainstream studio blockbuster done right%u2014it effectively balances humor and action, as well as small character beats with big set-pieces.
0.25 With all the terrific animated movies we've seen in the past few years, this sort of tossed-off dreck is simply not acceptable.
0.625 I don't think there are any characters here that a child would love.
0.8 Homage to '50s alien flicks too intense for youngest kids.
0.625 See it for the dozens of homages to old movie monsters and movie genres.
0.6 All in all, Monsters Vs. Aliens has enough colour, motion and mayhem to keep the kids entertained for the required 90 minutes
0.25 Heavily touted as an industry breakthrough for 3-D, DreamWorks Animation's clunky and wildly unimaginative Monsters vs. Aliens really doesn't have a clue what to do with the technique.
0.75 The 3-D animation, occasional gross-out jokes and way-cool beasties and robots play to every 10-year-old, chronological or just in spirit.
0.8 In terms of generating pure, Monstrous laughs this is the year's funniest comedy so far - animated OR live action.
0.5 Shooting a chaotic action scene in an extra dimension definitely adds to the clutter, but does zilch to subtract from the tedium.
0.75 Overall, Monsters vs. Aliens is pleasing without being especially hilarious. Some lines fall flat, and a few bits involving B.O.B. are overused. But a lack of zingers is forgivable in a movie of such visual accomplishment.
0.5 The cool stuff -- like 3-D and collapsing bridges -- may get filmmakers halfway there, but to make it all the way home, they need the usual movie elements, like a good story and vivid characters, and here Monsters vs. Aliens comes up short.
0.75 As willfully chock-full of the familiar as the animated feature is, it's also a hoot.
0.75 This film has hidden depths, especially for adults who mistakenly think Monsters vs. Aliens is only for kids.
0.625 The dirty little secret is that 3-D is frequently painful. [But] it's a sweet little movie, which is easy to enjoy once your eyes adjust.
0.375 The directors, Rob Letterman and Conrad Vernon, who also wrote the shabby gag-book script with four other conspirators, simply throw everything at the wall and see if it will stick.
0.55 Directors Rob Letterman and Conrad Vernon push so hard for three-dimensionality that they basically have their animators putting sightlines before storylines.
0.6 DreamWorks proves it can be a force in the animation genre with its highly entertaining effort here.
0.4 Monsters Vs. Aliens is visually pleasing but a sad attempt at entertaining kids. The film is riddled with tired jokes and wasted talent. Wait for the cable viewing.
0.585 Despite spectacular visuals and sporadic thrills, Monsters vs. Aliens lacks the consistent fun, inventiveness, wit and big-heartedness found in superior, unforgettable CGI action-adventures such as The Incredibles.
0.75 The new 3D animated feature film from Dreamworks is really less of a kids' movie and more of a witty science fiction comedy aimed at fans of cheesy 1950s sci-fi films.
0.5 For a 3-D movie, Monsters vs. Aliens is appallingly one-dimensional.
0.6 What begins as a promising homage to classic sci-fi silliness turns into the unwanted answer to the unasked question "What would a Joe Dante film be like without Joe Dante directing it?"
0.5 Funny, but stumbles from scene to scene kind of like Lindsay Lohan stumbles out of the Roosevelt Hotel on a Friday night.
0.6 Seth Rogen as an animated blob is awesome, just like this action packed animation.
0.75 Three-dimensional sequences, whether animated or live action, can feel more gimmicky than integral to the tale. Happily, such is not the case with the entertaining Monsters vs. Aliens.
0.7 "Nice" is the adjective that seems to surface most in trying to pin down the film's most salient quality, which means that while the film is enjoyable enough, it is unlikely to become a classic for us, or a Shrek sort of franchise for DreamWorks.
0.6 A highly competent, smartly engineered delivery system for the very cliches it pretends to subvert.
0.875 The voice performers are clearly having fun. Witherspoon hasn't sounded this free and easy in years, and Stephen Colbert steals scenes as the voice of the U.S. president.
0.75 Another fast and funny digitally animated DreamWorks kid flick.
0.625 An animated funhouse that delivers on its title and ups its scary-comic impact if you see it in 3-D.
0.375 Pilfering everything from Mothra to Attack of the 50 Foot Woman to Men in Black and Monsters, Inc. the script piles on the mayhem and forgets the funny.
0.75 As 'Monsters vs. Aliens' demonstrates, 3-D technology is finally coming into its own, used to create a dazzlingly lifelike spectacle that seems to jump off the screen and into the theater beside you.
0.75 Do see this movie in 3-D if you can, and don't hesitate to send the kids; there's just enough silly humor to keep them happy.
0.5 a clear example of sensational style over underbaked substance
0.5 While it has a crisp 3-D look and nice vocal performances, this action-comedy will seem fresh only to 8-year-olds -- though it may give parents an excuse to introduce some of the '50s horror movies it parodies.
0.625 A wispy-thin but suitably quick-witted homage to the science-fiction genre, Monsters vs. Aliens is not up to par with the best of Pixar and Disney, but it is a step in the right direction.
0.625 The latest computer-animated production from DreamWorks is a perfectly acceptable family movie.
0.75 An amalgam of the vintage sci-fier Attack of the 50 Ft. Woman and Pixar's Monsters Inc., Monsters vs. Aliens is a goofy computer-animated romp that works just fine in the traditional moviegoing format.
0.6 A pleasant experience that's never annoying but also rarely more than mildly thrilling.
0.75 Visual gimmicks and puns change from decade to decade, but worthwhile ideals go on forever.
0.4 The result traffics in rote truisms (love the skin you're in; leave no man behind; etc.) that are admirable but perfunctory.
0.8 Visually awesome and eye-popping, particularly if you catch it in IMAX 3_D.
0.625 Monsters vs. Aliens is possibly the most commercial title of the year. How can you resist such a premise, especially if it's in 3-D animation? Very readily, in my case.
0.75 Monsters vs. Aliens may lack a bit of heart, but it more than compensates with intelligent humor.
0.6 Monsters vs. Aliens has amazing 3D, solid gags, wacky concepts and great animation; I just wish that at some point along the way someone had been as passionate about the story as they were about the spectacle.
0.75 The movie ably disguises its conventional kids' fare premise in a clever satiric shell.
0.5 A surprisingly dull affair.
0.6 A 3D animated family film that allows us to cheer for a female superhero and her companions.
0.5 A lightweight saga about not being a doormat to egomaniacal men and embracing your, um, inner superpowered 50-foot-tall monster?
0.5 If the difference between a movie and an ad is substantial character, excitement and story, then Monsters vs. Aliens is officially a toy commercial.
0.8 The script -- an affectionate spoof of 1950s sci-fi -- is funny, exciting (especially in IMAX 3-D) and has a nice visual texture.
0.8 Funny, insouciant and loaded with charm, Monsters vs. Aliens is the kind of blockbuster spectacle you wish came along every summer.
0.75 ...has a shlocky, sci-fi title that's straight from the 1950s, and the more affection you have for that period, the more you'll appreciate the movie.
0.875 There's something about Susan.
0.8 The humor is dry, the sentiment unapologetic, and the absurdity sublime
0.6 Though the movie's action beats are underdeveloped, they've successfully poured all of their creativity into making us laugh.
0.875 I liked it more than anything Pixar has made the last five years.
0.625 Sure, the film is sweet and harmless but, take away the 3D, and all you're left with is a generic kids' movie.
0.8 Don't overthink Monsters vs. Aliens. Just enjoy it.
0.8 The action scenes are downright thrilling, the storytelling is brisk and witty, the homages to alien and monster movies funny and affectionate.
0.7 Cute and clever and often entertaining, but never quite lives up to the potential of the premise nor is it as funny as you might hope based on the talent involved.
1.0 While the jokes take a back seat to the action in the film's big climax, there are earlier moments that rank among the most fighting-for-breath funny stuff I've seen at the movies in ages.
0.9 Another shining gem from Pixar's most endearing franchise and should be a new Halloween staple for all families.
0.8 Playing with the conventions of classic horror movies, the special cleverly incorporates them in a way that stays true to the already beloved Toy Story while also dropping them into a brand new setting.
0.625 A brief but entertaining addition to the series canon. Disney's Blu-ray release comes with an audio commentary, three more "Toy Story" short films, and a bunch of other worthwhile extras. An engaging package that is easily recommendable.
1.0 Toy Story Of Terror is on par with the films in all categories, albeit with a much shorter installment this time around.
1.0 Horror film-themed TV special is sweet treat for families.
0.7 There's more charm and craftsmanship in the first 30 minutes of Disney's Princess of Thieves than there is in the whole of Disney's Snow Dogs.
0.25 The meek may inherit the Earth, but they won't do well at the multiplex if they can't do better than this.
0.4 Amateurish animation mars Christian animal tale about Jesus.
0.375 The film's website calls it the 'first ever 3-D animated, family-friendly, faith-based movie,' but you may call it 'The Passion of the Christ' meets 'Babe.'
0.4 Bratz doll version of a scarefest; little kids beware!
1.0 Nick Park is a genius. Enough said.
1.0 A quest for cheese has never been more gutbustingly funny.
0.2 The writing is so messy and aimless that when the film retrenches to generic kid flick mediocrity, it actually counts as a relief.
0.8 A high-flying dog tale for kids.
0.6 There's an air of acceptance throughout the film, but the movie never stops to stand at a pulpit and preach this message.
0.6 A basketball playing Golden Retriever shows his stuff on several high-school basketball courts.
0.5 Dull but harmless.
0.6 Madcap tween story has cartoonish violence, some bullying.
0.5 Unable to recognize how sufficient the visuals themselves are, its music gets increasingly over-dramatic, epic-like.
0.625 Less interesting as a feature-length movie than it is as a filmmaking and distribution experiment
0.5 Even scarred landscapes have a harsh beauty, suitable for framing.
0.4 Though there is little here for an informed person to take issue with, the film's well-intentioned preachiness is unlikely to win over those who favor Genesis and denial over climate science.
0.6 Tearjerker about a brave girl and the horse she loves.
1.0 great products of animation
1.0 Wallace & Gromit have become icons of animation.
1.0 Grand clay-mation. Animator Nick Park is brilliantly funny.
0.2 Charmless and boring, bears little relationship to Hans Christian Andersen's fairy tale, and should in no way be mistaken for a way to satiate fans of Frozen.
0.6 There's a frenetic, eye-popping quality to the visuals that forestalls the kind of emotional engagement Disney can offer, but there is some entertainment to be had here.
0.4 Enough sequels, please!
0.6 As far as sequels to mediocre movies go, this one's okay.
0.4 Another forced and charmless sequel spawned from a surprisingly fun flick.
0.5 Hellbent on being innocuous, high-spirited fun, but it just comes off as shrill and shallow and dimwitted.
0.25 I don't think my negative reaction is a case of a parent forgetting the sort of mindless entertainment that he himself enjoyed as a child; rather the turtle fights are more depressing than joyful.
0.5 The plot, as primitive as it is, still isn't very clear; it never acquires the spontaneity or the force of a true "story" but seems to exist mainly as a pretext for the familiar Ninja banter so beloved of the cult, as in "Cowabunga, dudes," and such forth
0.75 One finds in them the same unabashed enjoyment of color and movement, of spectacular athletics and outrageous stunts, that animates the Hong Kong action cinema as a whole and makes it so superbly entertaining.
0.4 This sequel is less abrasive than its predecessor and was considerably less successful at the box office.
0.4 If the new film is considerably less imaginative than your average Punch-and-Judy show, it is, nevertheless, a step up from last year's turtle-fest.
0.375 The plot of Turtles II hinges on toxic waste and that turns out to be a pretty accurate description of the film.
0.25 The Turtles return in this underwhelming sequel that generally fares about as well as its predecessor...
0.6 This is one of those rare sequels that actually lives up quite nicely to the original.
0.625 Clever if rather mechanical.
0.6 This lacks the darkness and subtlty that makes th first film so good, and so adult, but its simplified plot and gags will appeal to the under tens.
0.4 The sequel plays things very safe
0.2 This one should have oozed out of the can before it got into any theaters.
0.0 For losers
0.6 The muppets look mighty fake, and Vanilla Ice was better in Cool as Ice, but check out wrestler Kevin Nash as Super Shredder.
0.31 Not only insulting to your intelligence, but also harmful for children to watch.
0.0 Dear God, why?
0.6 Even more fun than the original!
0.4 if a Vanilla Ice cameo is a highlight, imagine what the rest of the film is like
0.5 If you're a kid, you're going to see it. If you're a parent you may have no choice.
0.25 Today's kids are learning from the Turtles that the world is a sinkhole of radioactive waste, that it's more reassuring to huddle together in sewers than take your chances competing at street level, and that individuality is dangerous. Cowabunga.
0.6 The production values are wonderful (due in large part to the work of Animatronic Puppeteers and Jim Henson's Creature Shop) and the script is quick and funny.
1.0 Family entertainment at its best.
0.75 This is a zanily inventive piece of work, with delightful special effects, which set the style for a long series of live-action Disney films.
0.8 One of Disney's milestone live-action films.
0.4 Tepid live action Disney.
0.8 Goofy comedy classic.
0.8 Classic Disney, classic MacMurry.
1.0 Fun!
0.8 Enjoyable Disney effects comedy with good cast.
0.4 Disney life-action for the simple-minded.
0.8 Dated and silly, but still good family fun.
0.625 The original's simple humor looks remarkably tired compared with the story's energetic and much more inventive remake.
0.5 It's not sophisticated enough for older children, but young ones will probably be entertained by 'The Naughty List.'
0.6 Cute Christmas movie has some iffy bathroom humor.
0.875 Animal lovers and museum-goers alike are sure to enjoy this curiously delightful hour-long documentary from Nicolas Philibert.
0.7 The renovation of the Museum of Natural History in Paris is the subject for this beguiling documentary by Nicolas Philibert.
0.5 The film is mildly diverting, but lacks the humor and pathos that made To Be and to Have so watchable.
0.7 A well-produced tribute to a complex and often exasperating personality.
0.8 Staccato and compelling, this fast-paced biography recounts some of his views and opinions--writings that alienated people and won supporters.
0.7 A documentary is only as fascinating as its subject, and, love him or hate him (most did the latter), Norman Mailer was one fascinating American.
0.625 The animation is no better than competent, but the film has a nice bluegrass-style musical score by Ed Bogas and should be fine for the kids and "Peanuts" fans.
0.6 Can amount to either a delightful experience or a pleasant but slightly wearing one, depending upon the intensity of one's fascination with the basic "Peanuts" my...[ END HERE ]tique
0.3 This is just another 3D cash grab by George Lucas. If you didn't like the film before, you won't like the film now.
0.7 The Force may not be strong in this episode, but it's there.
0.5 Anyone hoping the 3D would make-up for the film's many shortcomings, will probably continue to feel cheated by the first Star Wars prequel.
0.375 We don't want to remember it's pretty bad. Then we do.
0.1 Has a film director ever induced such terrible performances from such great actors? Liam Neeson - wooden, Ewan McGregor - monotone and the Oscar winning Natalie Portman - a speaking alarm clock!
0.6 It hardly needs to be said that the 3D conversion here is nothing more than proficient, that it adds nothing and actually takes away some of the clarity and vividness of the film's varied colour palette.
0.75 It's a nifty enough film that's entertaining but not comparable to the original 'Star Wars.'
0.3 The Phantom Menace is, at best and worst, a mediocre film-a boring adventure undermined by anemic political theatrics and the rusty artistic tastes of its maker.
0.8 The 3D conversion on this film is one of the best I've ever seen... and that's what makes it worth paying some extra money to see it again in the theater.
0.375 "Star Wars: Episode 1 -- The Phantom Menace" got dismissive reviews in 1999, and it deserves the same today. But you probably know that.
0.5 You realize how much humor Harrison Ford brought to things; without him, at times the movie itself feels frozen in Carbonite.
0.45 The Phantom Menace, in any number of dimensions, is an exercise in disappointment, a film filled with enough callbacks to the first trilogy to remind you about what you loved about them without adding much of note in all the new material.
0.5 You may never experience this or any Star Wars movie as a cinematic experience ever again. Especially not in theater.
0.4 A pop-culture calamity, a soulless, passionless film whose only real effect was to smudge the happy memories of the three originals.
0.4 For the most part, the sludgy re-processing of the original leaves everything looking as if it was lensed through a wet, worn sock. Only one sequence -- the epic pod race on the planet Tatooine -- goes close to making any worthwhile use of the 3D format
0.4 The only plus point is introducing newbies to the big-screen Star Wars experience - if the 3D price is right for you.
0.6 Still unsure of the basic mechanics of the plot, drags in places and that Binks chap wasn't just a bad dream, but when it soars, it soars.
0.4 The added visual depth does little to disguise quite how flat everything in between is.
0.0 It's difficult to discern precisely where this all went wrong, and even more difficult to speculate about possible improvements.
0.4 Kid-centric but violent prequel lacks energy of originals.
0.4 The visuals are indeed eye-popping, but I was left with no vested emotional tie to either story or characters.
0.625 It's still a galaxy far, far away, and it still looks like nothing we've ever seen before.
0.75 It's good to have Star Wars -- any Star Wars -- back after such a long time; and it's worth seeing.
0.8 What's important to remember is that the better moments don't merely balance out the weaker ones - they topple them.
0.75 No film made could measure up to the avalanche of buzz and craziness surrounding this release. There is plenty of both good and bad news here.
0.9 I enjoyed the film and feel that it established the foundation for many story elements that were curiously unexplained in the previous trilogy.
0.25 As an artist, Lucas is lacking, but as a businessman he knows his stuff.
0.75 Lucas' films might not be very deep, but they're very complex and involving in a comic book kind of way.
0.6 Se este fosse o primeiro episodio da serie a chegar aos cinemas, ela nao teria alcancado o status e a longevidade que conseguiu nos ultimos 20 anos.
0.8 It exactly has the same strengths and weaknesses as the original three, plus breathtakingly spectacular visual design and special effects.
0.8 Episodio I tuvo la virtud de juntar a dos generaciones en un mismo fenomeno
0.625 It does the job just fine. That job, as director George Lucas freely admits, is quite simply to thrill the beating hearts and the inquiring minds of 12-year-old boys.
0.8 It's not perfect ... but it's still fantastic.
0.6 ...not in the same league as the original Star Wars. But, then, it was never meant to be.
0.8 An often deliriously exciting adventure, hitting the target audience of 10-year olds and satisfying long-time fans.
0.875 The visual imagery comes off the screen in leaps and bounds, and it allows Lucas the freedom to construct intricately detailed action sequences that put the audience right in the action.
0.8 It sustains the gee-whiz spirit of the series and offers a swashbuckling extragalactic getaway, creating illusions that are even more plausible than the kitchen-raiding raptors of Jurassic Park.
0.875 A testimony to how far special effects have come.
0.5 Though I've been bored senseless by the Star Wars phenomenon for over two decades, I found The Phantom Menace something of a pleasant surprise.
0.875 There is a sense of discovery in scene after scene of The Phantom Menace.
0.8 A great work from a greater director, and a blockbuster of quite the most swashbuckling kind.
0.625 Quite uninteresting in its stale moments, the "Menace" soars from time to time.
0.875 The story was well told, the characters were for the most part nicely drawn, and the action was phenomenal.
0.6 I wish Phantom Menace was a better film. The bones of a great film are there. But there's no beating the sense of hope and adventure and honest-to-goodness wonder that shines through.
0.79 The special effects are as awesome as you would expect, and this is an extremely slick production.
0.8 Spectacular fun!
0.75 Lucas has gotten rusty, and it shows in quite a few places. But he still has the heart of a visionary, and when that shines through, The Phantom Menace is a wonder to behold.
0.75 This entry into the Star Wars saga does the originals justice in terms of heart, action, and fun.
0.875 This is a film made for the fans. On that level, it doesn't disappoint.
0.6 Like a giant anchor in a sea of scattered Hollywood myths, Phantom Menace --the mere making of it -- promises viewers a point of reference of biblical proportions.
0.75 An old-fashioned epic and like epics of yore it supplies its audiences with enough spectacle and awe.
1.0 Visually dazzling, inventive beyond imagining and full of resonant detail that recalls stories told or hints at those to come!
0.75 Lucas has proved he has the Naboos to pull it off again.
0.7 [Lucas] ought to spend more time on story and less time crunching binaries.
0.8 It's an extremely enjoyable movie, blending imagination with technology and creating visual eye candy, wrapped up in a lightweight but enjoyable story.
0.7 Finally someone has crossed the line where reality and fantasy are indistinguishable!
0.875 The Phantom Menace takes twists and turns you don't expect.
0.7 I'd have to say it's a better picture than Return of the Jedi while falling into the same third-act trap of juxtaposing a terrific swordfight with boring, slapstick scenes of combat.
0.875 Only time will tell if this movie deserves to be connected to the last three episodes, or, for that matter, if the final three episodes deserve to be connected to this one.
0.8 This movie is a perfect example of why the word 'eye-candy' was invented.
0.875 Perfecto ejemplo de como la imaginacion puede traspasar fronteras y edades
0.7 A feast for the eyes and ears!
0.8 This Star Wars engages by its sheer variety of characters!
0.75 Thoroughly entertaining!
0.75 Exceptionally well-made, highly imaginative.
0.8 There's plenty to look at!
0.75 It isn't the best in the series, but it delivers about what you would expect.
0.9 Decide for yourself.
0.7 A film that not only couldn't stand up to the hype monster, but also couldn't stand up to multiple viewings.
1.0 Not only is it a fanciful phenomenon but it's also the most eye-popping spectacular special-effects picture ever made as George Lucas integrates the fantasy of computer imagery with reality.
0.875 Not a great film, but it is magical and majestic.
0.625 Flawed as it is, The Phantom Menace captured my imagination and I enjoyed it.
0.875 It works as an action flick, visually eye-popping and often paralyzingly exciting; it also works as an elicitor of memories, a piece of exquisite nostalgia.
0.625 It's a frenetic visual feast indeed; there's nothing quite like it in the galaxy.
0.4 Joyless, overly reverential and impenetrably plotted!
0.5 It's wholesome and enjoyable entertainment for kids, rather than the slap in the face a truly bad movie would have been, but the fans deserve more.
0.5 Wait till it's out on video. Then borrow it.
0.3 It is an understatement to say that the movie is a disappointment; it is the disappointment of the millennium.
0.4 If I had to pick six words to describe this movie, they would be, 'too busy, too silly, no mystery.'
0.625 With Phantom, Lucas has brought the series to the brink of total artificiality, the future as a video game.
0.5 Geared more to video-game fans than to grown-up moviegoers who remember when the best fantasy films had grander ambitions.
0.5 Lucas' directorial attention is clearly not focused on the cast, most of whom seem slightly adrift.
0.5 Everything about this film is so mechanical you wonder if it was written, directed and acted by 'droids.'
0.625 What's missing from George Lucas' heralded return to the screen is . . . sex.
0.5 In special effects, Lucas has moved a galaxy beyond. In energy, not yet.
0.625 It actually undoes some of the myth and magic that the first three movies forged in the hearts and minds of millions of movie lovers.
0.5 Even without the pre-release hoopla, The Phantom Menace would be a considerable letdown!
0.625 Still, you have to see it, don't you? I know I did, and I'm glad I did. But I can honestly say I was never really entertained.
0.5 The result is an adventure that feels...well, Forced.
0.5 This sequel doesn't quite have the heart of the first Air Bud.
0.5 The original film's director, Charles Martin Smith... has been replaced by Richard Martin, who brings a family-hour blandness to every scene.
0.25 [The film is] marked by dumbfoundingly bad dialogue, cliche-driven plotting and groan-worthy predictability.
0.5 If you're a 7-year-old, at whom the film is aimed, you'll probably have no problem with the idea of a dog being able to join a school football team. If you're a cynical old critic like me, you may feel differently.
0.2 This doggie has fleas.
0.625 Air Bud: Golden Receiver has the same strengths and weaknesses as its predecessor. But this time the strengths are weaker and the weaknesses are stronger.
0.4 It's also hard to take seriously a film where a premise so bizarre is shrugged off as a given.
0.5 Air Bud 2 only has the ability to make you laugh (occasionally), and nothing else.
0.5 The Problem with the Air Bud sequel is simple: too many people and not enough dog.
0.3 A decent way to settle the little ones down on a Saturday afternoon, sure, but so is Ritalin.
0.25 Air Bud: Golden Receiver is just as idealess as the original.
0.375 Air Bud 2: Golden Receiver is a pale shadow of the entertaining 1997 family movie. It's a sequel that lacks the spirit and sweetness of the original.
0.625 It's a Styrofoam-cup comedy, lightweight and disposable, but this G-rated fantasy of suburban family life is a good bet for its intended audience of 12-year-olds and younger.
0.6 The film is pleasantly sweet and occasionally sharp.
0.4 Rent the first one again.
0.375 It is not easy to get a movie made, and even harder to make one for young audiences. If you're going to the effort, why not make a smart one?
0.3 comes with all the silliness and sugar-coated pop fanaticism that is found in Rodriguez's lesser kids films
0.2 No matter how many dimensions you slap on the poster, there's no accounting for lazy workmanship. Can Robert Rodriguez please make Sin City 2 now?
0.75 Clever and strange, 'Spy Kids: All the Time in the World in 4D' is a psychedelic action movie that will boggle and entertain the minds of adults and kids alike. If you like wordplay, you will like it all the more for the witty dialogue.
0.625 Rodriguez reboots his eight-years-dormant franchise, with surprisingly entertaining and loosey-goosey results
0.25 A concatenation of scatological humor likely to keep only tiny tykes in stitches and howling away at a poop and fart jokes.
0.4 ...fairly routine fare, even for kids, and aside from cool gadgets it's just a bit dull.
0.2 Don't take your kids to see this. I never thought I would say this, but take them to see The Smurfs instead. It's a smurfload better than this pile of smurf.
0.4 Now then, what of the movie? Well, it stands a better chance of getting up your nose than crummy old AromaScope, that's for sure.
0.6 ... a shiny, complicated toy that's silly and doesn't really do anything, but is fun to play with.
0.375 The presence of Antonio Banderas and Carla Gugino is sorely missed. Then again, more power to them for staying away from a movie that would smell in any dimension.
0.6 In Spy Kids 4, women are warriors and men freely cry about their fathers, and it's this inversion that made me love the movie a little bit extra.
0.2 A 3D film aimed mostly at children.
0.4 Kids will be mildly amused by it.
0.2 The mind boggles before being lulled into a stupor of inanition by this latest instalment of Robert Rodriguez's increasingly cheap-looking franchise.
0.4 Rodriguez directs the movie with his trademark kineticism, but a flimsy and uninventive script means there's little investment in the characters or their actions.
0.375 A daft plot seemingly jacked from the most brainless of Saturday morning cartoons.
0.2 Rodriguez's family franchise about underage secret agents limps into its fourth installment with shiny CGI and frequent fart jokes to hold the attention spans of the underage and undemanding.
0.4 Kids might enjoy the cheesy jokes, the shiny gadgets and the pooping dog but for adults it is snooze time all the way.
0.375 Rodriguez's various family-geared movies - notably the "Spy Kids'' series - have been annoying creative clunkers, the one area where doing things his way has seemed like an iffy way.
0.2 An endless series of scatological jokes saps the charm out of nearly every scene, and there's little effort to create an interesting mystery at the movie's center.
0.625 A pleasant time-waster kids will love with a pro-family togetherness message parents can appreciate...
0.5 This fourth "Spy Kids" picture isn't so much bad as it is just boring, lacking the buzz and brio of even some of the earlier entries in the series.
0.5 The rhythm is off, a predicament Rodriguez addresses with copious - nearly constant - excrement and evacuation humor, and sudden turns into wide-eyed sincerity.
0.2 Feels more like straight-to-DVD filler than a chapter in one of the last decade's most entertaining and sophisticated family-film franchises.
0.4 Feels more like a cheap kids' TV series than an actual movie.
0.6 Watchable, gadget-happy children's adventure that scrapes a pass thanks to likeable characters, pacey direction, some decent gags and Jessica Alba in a leather catsuit...
0.625 So plain-faced and literal-minded in its juvenile pandering that it's hard to dismiss it as a mere cash-in.
0.2 Positive messages can't save worst film in action series.
0.375 Rodriguez only needs the script to take us from one gimmick to the next, and his lack of attention to it shows.
0.2 a miserable excuse for underling entertainment
0.5 It simply entertains at a basic level without leaving a lasting impression.
0.6 Far more coherent than its immediate predecessor, Spy Kids: All the Time in the World in 4D benefits greatly from its two likable young leads and some of the series' wittiest, pun-filled writing.
0.4 Robert Rodriquez delivers another irritating Spy Kids movie, Spy Kids: All The Time In The World in 4D, with the redundant gimmick of scratch and sniff cards, designed to reveal on-screen aromas. Well, I didn't smell turkey. In fact, I smelt nothing.
0.4 Rodriguez' first film was the celebrated low-budget El Mariachi. This one, a chaotic mess from start to finish, must be something like his nadir.
0.625 Let's make things clear right now: Spy Kids: All the Time in the World is juvenile, rough around the edges, and frequently clumsy. And yet...and yet...the film is so likably innocuous and unsuspectingly wise that it works better than it should.
0.4 A kids' flick that's big on eye candy but which has a plot even youngsters will find wearingly familiar.
0.2 Sadly it's all fart jokes and smart-alec preteens - the stuff that can make taking kids to the pictures a chore.
0.2 Robert Rodriguez's children's films are becoming terrific reasons to get sterilised.
0.2 Spy Kids - All the Time in the World is in four dimensions - the extra one being smell - and I hated the lot.
0.4 This is a shoddy affair with anodyne first-timers Blanchard and Cook almost as annoying as Ricky Gervais's phoned-in voiceover of an animatronic terrier with a poop obsession.
0.4 A passable shake-up, even if its 'Aroma-scope' experiment stinks. Like Ricky Gervais, the Spy Kids franchise could drone on - sorry, go on - forever.
0.6 How can a Western featuring a madam with a shooting ivory leg be as bad as critics warned? It's not. And 'The Lone Ranger,' for all its flaws, is still a fun popcorn movie.
0.6 a bloated but entertaining studio juggernaut.
0.75 A sense of joy in Verbinski's action runs through and energizes the entire film, and it's an ingratiating quality that should not be so easily and quickly dismissed.
0.625 Depp has done the kooky, costumed character shtick so many times, it's no longer surprising to see him bury his index finger into the desert sand, then lick it
0.8 It's certainly not your ol' man's "Lone Ranger," Kemo Sabe, but there's still plenty of kicks and stunts to make you wanna shout, "Hi-O, Silver! Away!"
0.2 The Lone Ranger is a noisy, never-ending nonsensical mess, which easily tops the flops in the silly season of summer blockbusters. Last year, director Gore Verbinski made the Oscar winning animation Rango, this year, he's flogging a dead horse.
0.8 The first genuinely characterful action blockbuster of the summer: both a big, beautifully realised throwback to Hollywood Boy's Own storytelling and an intelligent revision of Old West history.
0.6 Everything about this film screams excess, from the ludicrous two-and-a-half hour running time to the whopping scale of the action sequences to Johnny Depp's bizarro costume.
0.8 It's at times the most exciting live action film for years.
0.6 It's no sort of masterpiece. But The Lone Ranger is a good deal less dreadful than advance word has suggested.
0.4 Gallops across our skulls for two and a half hours, pounding them into the same kind of desert as that on screen: a barren flatland with occasional rearing outcries of rock.
0.6 Flying as high as an eagle or scampering across the tracks like a lizard, Verbinski's camerawork is off the-chain and the visual-effects are first class.
0.6 Verbinski clearly knows how to stage action, with outstanding train-based set-pieces bracketing the film.
0.6 An enjoyable Western adventure enlivened by strong performances, stunning location work and some exciting action set-pieces ...
0.2 Verbinski has surely modified this film's running time using dastardly new temporal-distortion technology, so that each of its 149 minutes contains 250 seconds. The South American landmass peeled off from the western seaboard of Africa quicker than this.
0.6 The Lone Ranger is a curio on a gigantic scale; a colossal, misunderstood mistake that will win you over with weird if only you'll let it.
0.4 It's perhaps no coincidence that the film ends up on a runaway locomotive as this feels like a train wreck throughout.
0.4 Frustrating, lazy and lifeless.
0.6 It's among the most captivating failures you will see this year.
0.8 Gorgeously shot, brilliantly acted and recklessly ambitious.
0.6 As Eric Morecambe once said, "I'm playing all the right notes, but not necessarily in the right order."
0.8 Talk about a pleasant surprise! Real storytelling, well thought-out and beautifully, at times insanely, executed, with excitement, laughs and fun to make you feel seven years old again.
0.4 Ultimately, it's not as awful as Wild Wild West. But we'll hazard a guess that Pirates 5 can't come quick enough for Bruckheimer or Depp.
0.7 Without a doubt, Depp's performance of Tonto is one of finest of his career. It's a movie of great adventure and humour. Sorrowful and nostalgic.
0.6 British audiences may well embrace the film's oddness - and blatant anti-American stance - which while not always successfully executed, means there is rarely a dull moment.
0.375 Stuck with a character they can't really transform or darken, they instead turn him into a galloping joke in a white hat and black mask, which makes it extraordinarily difficult to care about his exploits, no matter how inventively staged they might be.
0.5 "This is also notable for a sympathetic depiction of Amerindians that attempts to appease those who might be offended by Tonto. It also proves that FX steam trains are really, really dull."
0.6 As with most big films these days, The Lone Ranger is about 30 minutes too long...but when the Lone Ranger theme inevitably kicks in for the film's amazing train-borne action finale you can't help go all needles and pins.
0.5 The horse is funnier than Armie Hammer who plays the good soldier and lets everyone else around him make an impression while he languishes in bland-ville.&#8233;
0.4 Disney spent over $200 million to prove The Lone Ranger is too old-fashioned for such a newfangled, smart-aleck world.
0.7 The transformation of the title character from naive idealist to vigilante of justice is capped with a perfectly timed device that boosts the film with all its excesses and eccentricities to an exhilarating movie experience.
0.75 This irreverent and eccentric epic spoof/critique of American (and movie) history ignores Clayton Moore while embracing the unholy Mad Magazine cinephilia of the animated 'Rango,' the previous Western collaboration between Depp and Verbinski...
0.6 A decent- though not spectacular- summer spectacle that goes on for way too long.
0.0 If I'd had anything to do with it, I'd be wearing a balaclava and writing under an assumed name.
0.4 There's no reason such a durable set of characters and tropes couldn't ride again. Verbinski and Bruckheimer just aren't the types to do the necessary streamlining.
0.2 Even Depp Can't Raise Praise For This Film
0.625 "Ranger" undone by schizophrenic tone.
0.4 The Lone Ranger staggers drunkenly from antic comedy to soulful solemnity to bloody horror without ever quite settling, or deciding what it is.
0.6 A strange and fascinating and often thrilling movie artefact.
0.2 Yeah...this was a mistake.
0.5 Mostly handsome, it sounds terrific, and when it wants to be exhilarating, it knows how to be; but the story is an epic disaster of bloat and confusion.
1.0 A film that is at once divinely silly, surprisingly deep and deceptively complex.
0.7 A fresh look at the Lone Ranger legend with Johnny Depp outstanding as Tonto.
0.5 There's a solid story in here somewhere, but sadly it's suffocated under layers and layers of overindulgence.
0.6 If you can embrace the easy-going spectacle of it all and its general respect for the Lone Ranger legacy, you'll probably enjoy it.
0.25 Your expectations of how bad The Lone Ranger is can't trump the reality.
0.5 Too long, too weird and too darn tootin' unfunny.
0.375 The good bits are like the seeds that end up on the bottom of bird cages, tasty tidbits momentarily visible before getting covered in crap.
0.6 I laughed, I had fun, but there is something annoyingly non-committal about the direction and tone. And why not just call it "Tonto" and be done with it? Who are we kidding?
0.625 Yes, there's a cloud of dust. Yes, there's a hearty 'Hi-yo, Silver!' And yes, there's a marvelous chase scene to the 'William Tell Overture.' But it takes a long, long time before 'The Lone Ranger' transitions into the iconic masked lawman.
0.4 A complete tonal disaster and one of the goofiest attempts at trying to execute a western with an action/adventure aesthetic
0.75 Despite the padding, "The Lone Ranger" moves extremely well, capturing many of the qualities that made "Pirates of the Caribbean" so much fun.
0.25 Overblown, stupid, loud, unfunny, and completely maddening in its undisguised assumption that you'll swallow this nonsense whole.
0.625 Bloated and uneven attempt to revive a long dead franchise.
0.625 It's ultimately clear that the only thing standing in the way of The Lone Ranger's unqualified success is its severe overlength...
0.375 What would Jay Silverheels say? Tonto laugh at bad movie, cannot fix with editing, much money wasted.
0.2 There may be a way to mix the monumental tragedy of the Native American genocide with a screwball comedy about a well-meaning chucklehead and his mystically addled Comanche sidekick, but Gore Verbinski has not found it
0.8 Johnny doesn't take his Jack Sparrow shtick to new Depp-ths.
0.1 Between this and The Green Hornet, the Reid Family has been royally screwed by Hollywood.
0.5 He will not ride again.
0.6 The film ends with a bang, which makes up for a lot of the dragging that happens in the middle. It runs a bit long, but I did enjoy watching a good chunk of it.
0.4 Clearly they are trying to turn Tonto into another Captain Jack Sparrow, but it doesn't work.
0.7 Most of us know the short and sweet Clayton Moore/Jay Silverheels TV version, but Gore Verbinski -- as he proved in Pirates of the Caribbean -- can't do anything quickly.
0.3 At one point in the movie, the Lone Ranger is dragged through manure, which begs for comment. But it's self-explanatory.
0.375 I'm all for senseless violence in movies, but there is so much death and destruction going on here, you start to wish something nice would happen for once.
0.4 Certain audience members will enjoy this Lone Ranger but it's style over substance that fails to elevate the series in any meaningful (or particularly exciting) way.
0.875 It's as obsessive and overbearing as Steven Spielberg's "1941"-and, I'll bet, as likely to be re-evaluated twenty years from now, and described as "misunderstood."
0.4 Unfortunately, the director's only good decision in this bloated action movie is his choice of when to use the William Tell Overture on the soundtrack.
0.5 When it comes to mining boys' adventure stories, defaming pirates may be fair game, but stories about western justice and native Americans? Not so much.
0.4 The Lone Ranger stokes the legend but its smoke signals only add to the haze.
0.4 At one time, the Lone Ranger's appeal was simple, but this movie seems to be doing everything possible to obscure it.
0.5 [Verbinski] crams as much big-budget exhilaration into his movie as its origin story will permit, creating a film less about its namesake as it is large-scale action sequences, explosions, and CGI stunts.
0.5 Who, exactly, was this bipolar oater made for?
0.4 Occasionally entertaining but overlong and overly violent.
0.5 "'The Lone Ranger' takes forever to get to its final destination"
0.625 The tone varies wildly but there's still some fun to be had and the movie's massive budget shows up on the screen.
0.75 Prompts 'The Cosplay Kid' of the Comic-Con era of cinema to swallow the sins of our forefathers and the ones we countenance today.
0.375 There's something jarringly misanthropic about screenwriters Justin Haythe, Ted Elliott, and Terry Rossio's rendition of the iconic hero...
0.4 This slapdash effort just doesn't cut it, which makes me wonder if the Ranger wouldn't have been better off remaining in those thrilling days of yesteryear.
0.55 I give RANGER a maginal "Fix" rating. I kind of liked it, especially that thrilling opening sequence that cannot be matched by the spaghetti Western comedy that follows.
0.5 Director Gore Verbinski has adopted the more-is-better approach he used in the Pirates of the Caribbean series, crowding the movie with so many extraneous characters and subplots that the film becomes an endurance test.
0.75 A wild, wacky, wide-screen reimagining of the vintage radio serial and TV series, the film - with Armie Hammer in the hat and mask, galloping across Texas righting wrongs, and Depp as his trusty Indian sidekick, Tonto - is an epic good time.
0.375 I mean, no wonder Depp's in disguise. No wonder Hammer wears a mask. Wouldn't you?
0.3 The real problem with the new "Lone Ranger" is that, for those who are familiar with the multibillion-dollar "Pirates of the Caribbean" franchise, there is little fresh or exciting about what we have here.
0.5 Depp's performance isn't nearly endearing enough to make the onslaught of vulgar flapdoodle tolerable.
0.4 Shot mostly across scenic landscapes in New Mexico, Colorado and Utah, including Monument Valley, [it acts] as a visual tribute to some of the great Westerns of history shot by the likes of John Ford. This Lone Ranger won't be joining their ranks.
0.6 It's a touch bloated, but it just might be the most enjoyable Pirates of the Caribbean movie since the first one. (Yes, I said Pirates of the Caribbean.)
0.6 Somewhere in there is an entertaining film, but The Lone ranger stretches your patience mightily.
0.25 For the vast majority of the movie, they view each other with skepticism and suspicion. ... No warmth, no esteem exists between them. Even at the end, when they ride off together ... Tonto gets in one last dig at his masked companion.
0.5 If "The Lone Ranger" weighs itself down again and again, at least it finally delivers during a stunning third-act set-piece that at long last incorporates all of the elements that should have been readily up on the screen throughout.
0.75 There's an "everything and the kitchen sink" overkill in the story. ... Verbinski manages to keep it all reined in, barely.
0.2 James Badge Dale at least makes the most of his little screen time; couldn't we have had him be the lone ranger?
0.25 Cursed with useless dialogue, non-existent chemistry and (the worst sin of all) a boring story, "The Lone Ranger" proves that not even the Independence Day spirit horse always backs the right man.
0.8 What can I say? I love a good, old-fashioned Western, and this one delivers.
0.5 Disney's big screen adaptation of the classic radio serial is like the Pirates movies in many ways, and unfortunately, that includes the bad along with the good.
0.65 Veering between gruesome villains and silly humor, the film never quite figures out what works and when enough's enough.
0.75 ... not so bad a companion piece to the better-and-better Rango as initially feared.
0.45 Tone deaf, it's as if Verbinski's prior film, 2011's marvelous Rango, got lost amid the Trail of Tears in a buddy comedy served up with a side of Hannibal Lecter.
0.8 I love this western, in part for its bravado, its excesses and its insanity. Even for its absurd 149-minute running time.
0.5 Not a disaster, but it has the feel of a production victimized by overthinking, tinkered with in an attempt to maximize its appeal to every possible audience.
0.8 With terrific acting, abundant directorial splash, and a healthy dose of anticipation anarchy, The Lone Ranger looks destined to succeed. If it does fail, it will be a spectacular disaster.
0.25 Despite its impressively staged set pieces, The Lone Ranger can't survive the epic train wreck resulting from its own tonal clashes, wherein mournful scenes of genocide and stolen immigrant labor are tastelessly juxtaposed with silly slapstick humor.
0.5 Except for the dynamite finale, "The Long Ranger" feels like a long, slow ride to the dump, to the dump, to the dump, dump, dump.
0.7 It wouldn't work as well as it does if Hammer and Depp didn't play off one another as well as they do. But work it does, in a sort of shambling, Frankenstein manner that seems like it should fall apart at any moment but doesn't.
0.3 In trying to balance grandiosity with playfulness, to lampoon cowboy-and-Indian cliches while taking somber account of a history of violence, greed and exploitation, it descends into nerve-racking incoherence.
0.375 It's a messy, unfocussed tale, even before Verbinski starts trying to create Fast and Furious-style chase scenes with nothing but steam locomotives.
0.625 The Lone Ranger is too often as vast and empty as Utah's Monument Valley. Only the film's wide stretches aren't awe-inspiring so much as much as tiring.
0.75 Those who go to The Lone Ranger because it stars Johnny Depp will come away satisfied by a performance that reminds them of his Pirates of the Caribbean character.
0.25 Instead of a noble savage, Depp gives us a comic savage - Willy Wonka with a dead bird on his head.
0.625 It's not until the last 15 minutes, when "The William Tell Overture" arrives in its full glory, that this starts to feel a little like The Lone Ranger. But that's too little, too late.
0.5 It takes forever to get everybody's backstory, and a pointless framing device set 60 years after the main action weighs down an already bloated screenplay.
0.5 The Lone Ranger has some of the playful silliness of Rango but the Verbinski/Depp collaborations it more closely resembles are the worst Pirates of the Caribbean movies.
0.0 A movie for the whole family to avoid... 2 1/2 of the longest hours on record, a jumbled botch that is so confused in its purpose and so charmless in its effect that it must be seen to be believed, but better yet, no. Don't see it, don't believe it...
0.375 The movie, of course, barrels toward climax upon climax, and while possibly better photographed, the crashes, bangs, and booms are no less numbing than anything else you've seen in this summer of garbage blockbusters.
0.5 Just another long, bloated, would-be epic.
0.4 The Lone Ranger is a $250-million mess, saved from catastrophe only by the opportunity to see another eccentric performance by Johnny Depp.
0.5 As inventive and appealing as Depp remakes his Tonto, he can't compete with producer Jerry Bruckheimer's exhaustive, spectacular action overkill with explosions, bullets, chases and silly stunts that go on until tomorrow.
0.5 The film is a bloated, incoherent would-be epic that stumbles like a horse that stepped in too many plot holes and came up lame.
0.75 The Lone Ranger succeeds on all counts -- perhaps too well. The movie is so imaginative, so brimming with ideas that it can't quite decide what to be.
0.25 How/why/wherefore did it turn out this way? The evidence suggests a combination of hubris, errant revisionism, a misguided and perverse degree of violence, and a script that never worked in the first place.
0.375 A horse of an indifferent color.
0.5 A handsomely photographed but sloppily plotted homage to the classic serial hero that also acts as a cinematic cousin to the Caribbean franchise.
0.3 I strongly suggest tuning in to the last chunk of 'The Lone Ranger' when it appears on basic cable.
0.6 It's 'Pirates of the Caribbean' in the Old West. Any resemblance between the old-time radio/TV Western and this theme-park-ride-ready-to-happen is exactly what Disney had in mind.
0.375 Like watching an elephant tap dance in your living room: Everything gets trampled and the dancing's not very good.
0.4 "The Lone Ranger" is a frustrating exercise in overkill, a kind-of, sort-of interesting idea buried in summer-movie excess.
0.2 Not quite a parody but broader than an homage, The Lone Ranger fights itself at every turn.
0.125 [A] bloated, misshapen mess, a stillborn franchise loaded with metaphors for its feeble attempts to amuse, excite and entertain.
0.5 It's not quite funny enough to be a comedy, nor quite exciting enough to be an action film - until the last 20 minutes or so, when it's a little too late.
0.15 Tries so hard to be every kind of movie at once that it ends up being no kind of movie at all.
0.5 The Lone Ranger may feature excellent direction from Gore Verbinski, but it is a tonally disastrous mess as a whole, and features perhaps the single worst performance of Johnny Depp's career.
0.5 Funny stuff good, violence, preachy historical revisionism bad.
0.4 They worked so hard to make a movie out of The Lone Ranger, responding to the pleas of absolutely no one. Calls for a sequel will be even less thunderous.
0.625 You ride along with inconsistencies because Ranger is building toward a final showdown. When that showdown disappoints, you feel every minute of the film's 2 1/2-hour length.
0.5 It's a 2 1/2-hour slog, with tonal inconsistencies and monotonous, drawn-out action sequences. Scenes alternate between frenetic and tedious.
0.625 In the end, The Lone Ranger is one hot mess -- an entertaining one, to be sure, but still a mess.
0.625 The movie takes a more old-fashioned approach to thrills. It appears to showcase as many stuntmen as it does digital compositors.
0.4 It's all too much and not enough-a succession of disparate, can-you-top-this episodes inelegantly piling up like skidding cars on a freeway.
0.5 The Lone Ranger is a tonally imbalanced Western adventure, but random comedic gems mixed with the perfect dose of Depp make this franchise reawakening a serviceable cinematic escape.
0.5 Perplexes as much as it entertains with a strong left of centre ideology clashing with the conservative roots of its action western genre.
0.6 While it's hardly genre-changing, this is a nice dose of fun, family entertainment.
0.4 Everything about this "Race" comes off as a cheap also-ran, with little of that ol' Disney magic anywhere to be found.
0.5 Race to Witch Mountain is pretty standard kiddie fare: Cute, precocious children are protected by a world-weary, wisecracking father figure and one-liners abound.
0.625 A reasonably satisfying family film that updates things while staying true to the adventurous, sci-fi spirit of the originals.
0.375 If it's possible for a movie to be agressively bland, Race to Witch Mountain is that movie. [Blu-ray]
0.5 ...suffers from a pervasively stagnant atmosphere that effectively drains the energy right out of its high-octane moments...
0.6 Race with your kids to see it.
0.6 Race to Witch Mountain is the first kids' film in ages to have action beats that measure up to Hollywood's grownup action fare.
0.6 In 35 years, people probably will have forgotten 'Race to Witch Mountain' the way my generation has amnesia when it comes to its 1975 predecessor 'Escape to Witch Mountain.'
0.5 Johnson holds his own against the cute wunderkinder, but nobody's a match for the f/x onslaught of the noisy climax.
0.6 This kids' adventure from Disney is amiable with nice performances.
0.2 The result is a disappointingly unadventurous adventure, with characters and events that never involve us.
0.6 There are decent special effects, and Johnson can play it tough while also being a kid-friendly presence.
0.4 Cue a not very dazzling chase movie.
0.6 Family audiences in search of Easter entertainment will not feel disappointed by what is basically one long chase and the film will make a great theme-park ride.
0.2 This surely has to be the last of the series.
0.6 The pre-Star Wars Disney sci-fi adventure Escape to Witch Mountain gets a 21st-century reboot here, with beefed-up action, hyperactive editing and even a few shout-outs to George Lucas's blockbuster classic thrown into the mix.
0.5 In the long run, one would be advised to walk slowly and sluggishly, not race hurriedly, to the so-called new and improved findings at weak-kneed Witch Mountain.
0.6 Once the action gets going, it's easy to forget that the plot has left for the planet La-La and just enjoy the fun.
0.6 An unexpectedly entertaining mixture of good, clean Disney fun with some rather more modern action scenes, lent charm by Johnson's natural swagger. One of the better family films in a while.
0.333333333333 It's pacy all right, but glib and uninvolving for grown-ups, though perhaps furnished with enough in the way of spaceships, lasers and digital explosions to pacify undemanding little 'uns of an afternoon.
0.6 It's a rattling good chase movie. The young aliens have useful tricks. Johnson is the contractual comic liability. Perfect holiday nonsense.
0.6 Witch Mountain is a full-throttle adventure that features at least half a dozen cracking action sequences, some adult-pleasing comic one-liners.
0.4 Race To Witch Mountain promises sci-fi but ultimately delivers lo-fi. Its themes are predictable and its look generic: this is one Race you may want to sit out.
0.6 One minute Seth is solid enough to stop a speeding 4x4, next he's panicking over an approaching UFO. Such cheating robs the film of tension: we need to know limits to start caring.
0.6 While this isn't a bad film, it's a touch too dry and maybe even a bit too slow for it to be the rush it should be.
0.6 Race proves a fun, snappy update to a goofy kiddie cult film.
0.4 The cast of Race to Witch Mountain do their best, but they're let down by some poor effects and a lazy script.
0.6 This completely revamped action movie is enjoyably watchable, even though there's not a moment of suspense in its squeaky clean plot.
0.75 A gleeful throwback to the era of Disney's '70s live-action movies that aimed only to offer good clean fun.
0.75 [The Rock's] skill at making the transformation from an "aliens are all around us" skeptic to a true believer is the rock solid foundation [for] this delightful kids' flick.
0.6 If only they had told that Predator dude to go back to the right set . . . .
0.25 Some kids might like "Race to Witch Mountain." But more discerning kids might not.
0.5 AnnaSophia Robb and Alexander Ludwig are fine, but this 'X Files' for small fry has about as much heft as a bubble of swamp gas.
0.625 a decent and at times entertaining bit of kid-centric fantastical escapism that alternates its hectic chase sequences and special effects spectacle with comedy involving government conspiracies and a geeky sci-fi convention.
0.4 Writers Matt Lopez and Mark Bomback, with director Andy Fickman, have seasoned this empty-calorie feast for easy digestion.
0.625 'Witch Mountain' has heart, humor and a touch of magic.
0.7 Despite its obvious contrivances, it's cornball sci-fi fun.
0.625 This new version may appeal to the target audience of young kids, but for adults, it's a bit of a slog to get through.
0.5 By the numbers Disney flick; okay for kids but bland for adults
0.5 Race to Witch Mountain finds new ground that makes it fun and suitable for young children
0.75 Saves its best for last and emerges as an enjoyable and competent bit of family entertainment.
0.5 Dwayne Johnson shines alongside rising star AnnaSophia Robb, but the film's cookie-cutter plot and adolescent script make Witch Mountain hardly worth racing to.
0.5 While this film may not qualify as classic science-fiction and takes some liberties with author Alexander Key's material, at least it's fun.
0.3 The original is at least kitschy fun. So rent that before you even think about spending $40 for the family to see this.
0.4 Witch Mountain isn't nearly as soulless or crass as other recent Disney remakes, but it's definitely louder.
0.5 Race to Witch Mountain holds no surprises (even granting that it's a remake).
0.375 Witch Mountain isn't escapism but a feature-length reminder that things are bad all over.
0.75 ... exactly as advertised: a sci-fi race to save the aliens and save the world (while dropping plenty of hints for a potential sequel and franchise).
0.625 Dwayne Johnson's Race to Witch Mountain plays out like a kiddie franchise starter kit.
0.5 ...certainly not in the E.T.bracket.
0.8 Though this is squeaky clean and one you can be totally comfortable taking kids to see, it needs the comic relief of a funny sidekick and some humor.
0.6 A fun, heart-racing adventure. This one has it all.
0.7 If you're expecting a shot-by-shot remake of the original movies, you're going to be sorely disappointed. However, this is a safe and exciting adventure for the family.
0.4 If Disney insists on raiding its own vaults for remakes, maybe they'll have better luck with The Laser-Vision, Missile-Launching, Face-Shredding Cat from Outer Space.
0.6 Sci-fi remake is action packed and intense for a PG film.
0.75 An action movie for kids that adults should have no problem sitting through.
0.25 Wow, when Disney misses the 'reimagining' mark, it really misses.
0.5 The head-cracking, explosions and gunplay eventually get out of hand, considering that, revamp or no revamp, Witch Mountain is still a Disney film aimed squarely at kids.
0.6 proves that some remakes can be just as entertaining if not more so, than the original.
0.5 This is not a story that cries out to be remade every 15-20 years. And, while the special effects and acting are getting better, the story isn't.
0.5 For all that energy, the film never really goes into orbit.
0.25 Bears all the signs of having been composed by an inferior race of alien screenwriters from the Hackulon System.
0.7 A fast and furious wild ride of a movie in which the good guys are good, the bad guys are good and the car chases are pretty spectacular.
0.5 Director Andy Fickman does an OK job of keeping all the balls in the air, though when it comes to loud but bloodless action, he's all thumbs.
0.7 Race To Witch Mountain is fast and furious and the action is bound to please children, who are the target audience.
0.75 It's a fast, funny, frightening and family-friendly movie, an affectionate tribute to the original, and a vintage thrill ride enhanced by modern visual trickery, crazy characters -- and a soupcon of skepticism.
0.5 A couple of 10-year-old boys all hopped up on concession-stand soda would be ideal companions for Disney's latest: Race to Witch Mountain.
0.5 Although Race to Witch Mountain is about space travelers, little soars here. The film is so by-the-book (and we don't mean Key's 1968 novel) that it's hard to recount it without reverting to blahblahblah.
0.75 The result may not be a diamond in the rough, but it is a nice, shiny zircon.
0.6 .... if Fickman's sole mission was to create a film that will keep children thoroughly enthralled, then it's safe to say he easily achieved his goal.
0.2 As much I disliked Disney's excuse to make more money, I now know that Nationwide is on my side. The product placement is atrocious.
0.375 A movie with plenty of action, and not much story
0.6 Modest and diverting, rough and bland, with some good (if not quite Bette Davis caliber) actors and so-so special effects.
0.4 ...a film so incompetently directed and poorly written that it insults kids' intelligence, much less the adults who brought them.
0.5 Kids will want to root for their alien counterparts on screen. But they are second fiddle to the Rock wracking it up.
0.4 A slick but pointless work that will probably do well for a weekend or two but which will quickly fade from memory even as the original continues to attract new legions of fans.
0.6 a textbook "crowd pleaser," a movie made to really resonate with the lowest common denominators in the demographic
0.6 While Escape was superior in story, Race does commit to an impressive scope.
0.625 Race to Witch Mountain is a satisfying snack of a family adventure. It doesn't condescend to youngsters or shortchange adults.
0.375 This is not a movie. It's a coming attraction for a theme park.
0.625 Mediocre family fare that's simply not that much fun.
0.6 Race to Witch Mountain" is made for kids, with a mix of family-friendly thrills and conspiracy mythos and special-effects action ... think of it as "The PG Files."
0.5 Given enough popcorn, kids should find it diverting; adults may be less than enthralled.
0.625 It's all fairly enjoyable, but also predictable and occasionally corny.
0.375 A flavorless sci-fi family picture that fools itself into thinking it is more grandiose than it is. Has all the thrills of a race between a slug and a hermit crab.
0.5 The film doesn't really have a plot. It's more of a premise, cartoonishly executed.
0.5 ...while "Race to Witch Mountain" rarely rises above the functional, either as storytelling or as visual kinetics, it moves like it means it and keeps Johnson front and center, either fuming or sputtering.
0.5 More like a pile of small, strange rocks that somehow landed in the same hole.
0.4 Instead of the next Schwarzenegger the Rock is the next Guttenberg and we have Disney to thank for it.
0.7 This is a fun movie, but Disney was wise to cut it off at 98 minutes. More would have been too much.
0.5 The story, acting and dialogue somehow came out weaker and creakier than before.
0.625 Since Seth and Sara only appropriated the bodies of human teenagers, I was left with a couple of questions.
0.6 It's a pleasant-enough diversion. Who knows, maybe the sequel will improve on this. Because from the looks of things at the end, there's bound to be one.
0.4 Unfortunately, there's simply no way to take something that was once fresh and transform it into a referential collage of all that followed without caving to every imaginable genre cliche in the Hollywood playbook.
0.6 0.5
0.6 Tarzan story is a fast-paced romp with some peril.
0.2 Created with the effort it would take to cut three pages out of a magazine and stapling them together to form your own magazine.
0.125 Just when things seem like they couldn't get any worse, a couple of songs by Phil Collins and Mandy Moore remind just how deep the bottom can be.
0.3 Commercially blatant.
0.8 "Bear" is simply the most calming and accepting childhood figure in modern television.
0.8 As with the best science fiction, the technology of the future is used to explore the human condition of the present.
0.8 Writer-director Hayao Miyazaki, who previously made the impressive Princess Mononoke, has created a wonderfully bizarre world filled with a gallery of creepy, and some not so-creepy, characters.
1.0 Spirited Away is unquestionably the best animated feature since Brad Bird's The Iron Giant.
0.75 What it does have is the same kind of free-floating, imaginative animation, taking wing for even wilder flights of fantasy.
1.0 Watching the Japanese cartoon epic Spirited Away is like strolling into Alice's Wonderland and seeing every wonder sprout up around you as if for the first time.
1.0 The result is nothing less than magical, a throwback to the very best of early Disney. If I can't remember the last time I was this enchanted by an animated film, it's because I was too young.
0.8 Anything but your regular 'toon, it's a (literally) fantastic experience.
0.8 Director Hayao Miyazaki's insistence on hand-drawn graphics gives the CGI visuals an ethereal charm that ensures the story is always a pleasure to behold, even during its rare moments of inaction.
0.5 ...a gorgeously animated yet sporadically entertaining endeavor that isn't quite the instant classic one might've expected...
1.0 Magnificent, spellbinding movie has a bit of edge.
1.0 Full of riches, thematic and visual, and the best way to understand them is simply to watch the film and take it all in.
0.875 Filmgoers of all ages should not pass up the opportunity to experience such a work of staggering imagination.
1.0 Magical is a word used casually about films like this, films about fantasy and childhood. Yet this one really does deserve it.
0.875 This persistently fascinating if slightly over-long fairytale is propelled by the seemingly boundless imagination of writer-director Hayao Miyazaki.
1.0 Spirited Away is wonderful.
1.0 A fractured, knotted story about adjusting to new surroundings and having courage in the face of peril.
1.0 Think you're too hip for Japanese anime about a lost ten-year-old girl whose parents turn into snorting pigs? Get over it.
1.0 Despite a dip midway through, this is a captivating fantasy that sets a new benchmark for animation.
0.8 I struggled to find the source of imperfection in this film
0.7 Not instructive, as Disney is, and not aloof, like anime. Spirited Away is fun without being a lesson, and it welcomes you in.
0.875 'Mostrando un profundo respeto por el mundo espiritual, Miyazaki logra una verdadera joya de la animacion que a veces raya en lo poetico'
1.0 It races along with the speed of a bullet train, visiting weird, enchanted places the likes of which have never been seen before.
1.0 The wonders never stop.
1.0 One of the most impressive animated features of this year, or any other.
1.0 A genuinely magical experience that both adults and children will enjoy. See it -- you'll be glad you did.
1.0 Spirited Away transcends masterpiece status. Composed of layer upon layer, it creates its own terminology.
1.0 E como se David Lynch tivesse dirigido sua propria versao de Alice no Pais das Maravilhas.
0.9 I could hardly wait for the next plot twist or astonishing set piece, not to mention what visual magic Miyazaki still had up his sleeve (and he has plenty!).
0.4 Yes, Spirited Away is a triumph of imagination, but it's also a failure of storytelling.
0.8 ...its visual style is remarkably beauteous and its creative touches abundantly imaginative.
0.8 Much of what makes the film work lies in the combination of its small touches and emotionalism, making it something more than a film for people who like to get stoned and go watch freaky animation (though it almost certainly works on that level, too).
1.0 I hate to gush in the first sentence of a review, but I absolutely love this film.
1.0 One of the greatest animated films ever made.
1.0 like a combination of 'The Wizard of Oz' and 'Alice in Wonderland' retold by a clever storyteller who incorporates his own details, twists and bits of humor into the plot.
0.7 Repeatedly reminded me of the later Oz books, with Chihiro's Dorothyesque role in a surreal and perilous fantasy land.
0.6 Taking a page from "Alice In Wonderland" seems to have helped.
0.875 It's weird, wonderful, and not necessarily for kids.
0.9 The imagery is rich, colorful and imaginative -- as you'd expect from Miyazaki.
1.0 The best animated feature to hit theaters since Beauty and the Beast 11 years ago.
0.6 It's a bloody shame that the anime film with the strongest theatrical push I can remember has to be this one.
0.4 Sorry, y'all -- I give up.
1.0 Prepare to be Spirited Away by this amazing animated film.
0.875 In scene after scene, Spirited Away unleashes so much wonder and visual imagination that you end up watching the movie in a state of rapturous, awestruck bliss.
1.0 It's perplexing but always enthralling.
1.0 A feast for lovers of animation.
1.0 Miyazaki ... conjures up worlds that are wondrously bizarre yet follow their own peculiar logic.
0.75 It's easy to get lost amid the flow, as characters transform and magical powers emerge and disappear without warning.
0.75 As surreal as a dream and as detailed as a photograph, as visually dexterous as it is at times imaginatively overwhelming.
1.0 This gorgeous epic is guaranteed to lift the spirits of the whole family.
0.875 Spirited Away is a wonderous tale for grade schoolers that never condescends or spoon feeds its themes. Miyazaki's characters and situations are so engaging that he can condemn greed and environmental negligence without ever sermonizing.
0.8 Genius and nothing but -- that's what Miyazaki means.
1.0 'Alice in Wonderland meets the East...taking full advantage of the complex powers of anime and its freedom to go wherever the mind can imagine.'
1.0 Visually imaginative, thematically instructive and thoroughly delightful, it takes us on a roller-coaster ride from innocence to experience without even a hint of that typical kiddie-flick sentimentality.
0.8 That the story sometimes makes not a lick of sense is among its virtues, imparting as it does the exhilarating feeling that anything can happen.
1.0 A breathtakingly magical animated fable that lifts your spirits and carries you away to a world far beyond your wildest imagination.
1.0 At its heart and most importantly, Spirited Away concerns a little girl learning to honour her friends and her family by valuing herself.
0.875 The colors, textures, and settings are impressively beautiful, and the overall effect is mystical and magical, familiar and dreamlike.
0.75 There is a force of visual rapture in Spirited Away.
0.75 Children may not understand everything that happens -- I'm not sure even Miyazaki himself does -- but they will almost certainly be fascinated, and undoubtedly delighted.
0.6 'Alice's adventure through the looking glass and into zombie-land' is filled with strange and wonderful creatures.
0.9 A film not to miss.
0.8 The closest American counterpart to Spirited Away is Alice in Wonderland, but no analogy will fully prepare you.
1.0 An exquisitely formed, flawlessly executed masterwork...As sheerly imaginative and groundbreakingly wondrous as any animated motion picture you are sure to have seen.
1.0 To say that Miyazaki's intelligent, painstaking, hand-crafted anime is magical, dazzling and brilliant is an understatement - it's incomparable, ingenious and inventive -just watch for a win at Osca-time!
0.8 This is one heck of a movie, and one can see why it made all that money in Japan.
0.75 There's a sense of delicacy, and artfulness, in the tone and in the magic. The 10-year-olds who see this like to be scared, but they won't have nightmares days afterward.
0.875 Although anime features aren't all the rage in a majority of American movie theaters, Spirited Away should be a legitimate excuse to change this pending sentiment.
1.0 Steeped in lore and unabashedly surreal, the film is just charming enough for children and just bizarre enough for adults -- a perfect balance.
0.75 Something akin to a Japanese Alice Through the Looking Glass, except that it seems to take itself far more seriously.
0.8 Miyazaki seems to have an inexhaustible supply of ideas to fill the screen and to fill screen time.
0.8 The shape-shifting creatures might be a little too imaginative for traditional audiences to get their heads around.
0.875 Miyazaki has provided another triumph, and, in the midst of the quality fall-off of Disney's in-house animated projects, a reason for animation-lovers to rejoice.
1.0 Watching Spirited Away is like watching an Eastern imagination explode.
0.875 A smashing technical achievement coming out against greed, gluttony, and pre-adolescent whining.
0.8 It almost goes without saying that the animation is jaw dropping.
1.0 Even though Disney released this film, Spirited Away points up just how by-the-numbers the studio's fare can be.
1.0 Creating a rare story-world that follows a consistent logic yet allows for most anything to happen, Miyazaki again proves himself to be more genii than filmmaker.
0.8 Spirited Away is every bit as captivating for its sheer graphic power as it is for its message of go-get-'em-girl power.
0.875 Has the mythic quality and the familiarity of great children's literature.
1.0 Miyazaki, the master animator and director of the enchanting Kiki's Delivery Service and Princess Mononoke, leads us through the looking glass as never before in Spirited Away.
1.0 An animation landmark as monumental as Disney's 1937 breakthrough Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs.
0.75 A lovely, evocative tour de force.
0.9 Spirited Away is one of the most richly imaginative and visually spectacular films you will see this year.
1.0 This is one of the year's best films.
0.8 Hayao Miyazaki may be one of Japan's leading animators, but in his new film, Miyazaki's Spirited Away, he also envelops you in a wondrous landscape of archetypal magic.
0.75 Spirited Away delivers chunks of Yellow Submarine and The Phantom Tollbooth -- a vividly timeless oddity suitable for many children and most stoners.
1.0 Hayao Miyazaki's breathtakingly beautiful and poetic Spirited Away -- a Japanese cross between Alice in Wonderland and The Wizard of Oz -- is such a landmark in animation that labeling it a masterpiece almost seems inadequate.
0.75 Spirited Away is too intense for the youngest viewers, but teenagers will enjoy it -- an ill-smelling 'stink-god' character is almost worthy of a Kevin Smith gross-out movie -- and grown-ups should find it diverting, if not exactly deep.
0.875 Spirited Away has the quality of a dream: It takes you places so foreign and fantastic you have no option but to yield completely to it and be spirited along.
1.0 The film is not recommended for toddlers and easily frightened little tykes. But for everyone else, kid or grown-up, this thrilling foray into magical realms is a must.
1.0 A haunting and indelible fable that warms the chilly soul of Japanese anime and points the way for its American sponsor.
1.0 Writing about a film like Spirited Away isn't about regurgitating information out for those who know little about it, but more of an experience in reminiscing.
0.7 A must-see for Japanamation fans, anyone familiar with Japanese folklore, or anyone sick of the boring stories that typically accompany American animation.
1.0 Every scene brings a new set of wonders to delight and sometimes stagger the mind
0.875 This instant classic spins a web that will snare anyone with an imagination.
1.0 A work of beauty with a surprising capacity to be cute and cunning.
0.875 A movie full of bewitching images and timeless fun and beauty.
0.875 It's a beautiful experience, nearly perfect with a fragile flowing fluid score.
0.6 An epic film of very bizarre proportions... kinda like a Japanese acid trip, but without the drugs.
1.0 Kudos to the most enchanting film of the year.
1.0 When animators go to animator heaven, they will probably view drawings of the caliber of those in Sprited Away.
0.6 It's easy to give this one credit for the mind-blowing creativity, but I can't recommend this to anyone who's not already a fan of Miyazaki or mind-expanding drugs...it's just not going to translate.
0.875 Plot here takes a backseat to set pieces that flow into each other like a glorious stream of consciousness.
1.0 Even the worst Miyazaki picture is a remarkable achievement, and Spirited Away is one of his better films.
0.5 Certain movies engage your affections so strongly that, even if they start to fall apart, you tend to keep rooting for them. That's pretty much the case with Newsies.
0.875 Bale and Menken are literally what make the movie sing.
0.625 Despite Newsies' many flaws, it's bracing to see Disney attempt a PG movie about something as meaty as labor relations. Would that every strike be resolved with so little bloodshed and so many songs.
0.5 Newsies is a live-action musical, but it's only barely alive. Call it Snoozies.
0.8 Stop the presses! Newsies is the best live-action movie musical since Little Shop of Horrors.
0.75 An old-fashioned musical that is better when its characters sing and dance than when they talk.
0.5 Though the cast is large, no interesting or even moderately well-rounded personalities emerge from it, and no compelling relationships emerge between the characters.
0.6 Bale and the cast are energetic and fun to watch, and the story itself is fascinating history. But the songs and choreography are a disappointment.
0.5 As a drama, it features potent material. But by presenting this as a musical, all hope is lost, thanks to imminently forgettable tunes and the casting of actors who can't sing.
0.6 Kids go on strike in gritty, historical musical.
0.5 Making his directorial bow, choreographer Kenny Ortega strains valiantly to breathe life into this misguided musical.
0.75 It's a bit of a throwback and a solid family film and, at the time, represented a well-intentioned leap of faith of the sort that studios rarely take.
0.4 Overdone, splashy period Disney musical.
0.2 Pretty much "sucksies."
0.2 Looks exactly like what it is, a spectacularly bad idea.
0.375 If the crick in my neck is any indication, I watched Kenny Ortega's Newsies like a dog hears a new sound. Most probably, my eyebrow was also arched.
0.5 People need heroes and uplifting tales, I suppose, but why alter history to give them to the masses?
0.375 Although the material does indeed involve young protagonists, no effort is made to show their lives in a way today's kids can identify with. This movie must seem as odd to them as a foreign film.
0.75 If there were 10 other musicals in the past few years for comparison, I'm not sure where Newsies would place. But as it is, this is the only game in town - and it's quite entertaining most of the way.
0.5 This is primarily a children's movie and I have a hard time working up much rancor against a movie as campily perverse as this one is. I sat through the whole thing in open-mouthed wonder.
1.0 Sweet pig family provides gentle lessons to preschoolers.
0.5 The new summer movies don't get much more formulaic than this bald attempt to capture the audience that can't wait to see the next three or four installments of Home Alone.
0.2 The feeble attempts at verbal and physical slapstick are so lacking in humour that they're embarrassing for both the players and audience.
0.4 Howard Deutch is a proficient enough second division director, but here he allows sentimentality to run riot, and the awkwardly ageing Culkin (approaching adolescence) no longer possesses the mischievous charm of old.
0.25 The film's greatest liability is Culkin, grown awkwardly out of his Home Alone cuteness into a Stepford Child star.
0.5 When toddlers are tipping the punchlines, it's time for rewrite.
0.125 This seems to be the work not of screenwriters but of Hollywood marketing executives who believe movies are popular because they tell audiences what they want to hear.
0.5 Culkin is Culkin, cute and malleable, absolutely empty, absolutely precious, absolutely irritating.
0.4 Tone: Home Alone-style slapstick with occasional (almost random) heart-tugging.
0.6 A charming, amusing comedy for the whole family
0.5 Perhaps blackmail isn't an easy subject to warm up to, or robbery the best ground to rebuild a relationship on, but with a little care, some added ingredients and a bit more spice, Getting Even With Dad could have been a satisfying [film].
0.2 Yeah, the one with Macaulay Culkin and Ted Danson. Avoid at all conceivable cost.
0.5 The dysfunctional family in this film is little more than a shameless plot device to introduce a lame father/son bonding adventure.
0.5 Here is a movie with broad ambitions: It wants to be a caper, a comedy, a romance, and a showcase for MacAulay Culkin. That's too much of a stretch.
0.2 The only point to this movie is to make Macaulay a millionaire.
0.4 Culkin simply couldn't deliver the goods anymore.
0.2 Scary and confusing tale of a dolphin following his dream.
0.3 Nine-year-old kids may sit through it and have fun, but nine-year-olds would also eat french fries 23 hours a day if their parents didn't force them to try something more nutritious.
1.0 Seventy-five years on, it hasn't dated in the slightest.
0.8 The central themes of illusions, dreams and going on an extraordinary adventure all the better to come home and appreciate what you have there are enduring.
1.0 One of Hollywood's quintessential productions, this musical adaptation of L Frank Baum's classic fable is probably the most beloved fantasy film of all time and the ultimate family picture.
1.0 This family classic long ago left the realm of being mere entertainment to emerge as a cultural touchstone for generations of Americans.
1.0 The Wizard of Oz is the cinematic equivalent of high-end wine, in that it gets better with age. The difference is that while wine must remain unopened to increase in value, the film positively thrives on it being tasted and shared over and over and over.
0.95 MGM's fantastic IMAX 3D conversion for the The Wizard of Oz's 75th anniversary underlines rather than obscures most of the film's visual pleasures, reminding us (if we'd managed to forget) just how glorious L. Frank Baum's strange world is.
0.875 The blend of old-fashioned, classic storytelling with cutting-edge technology is undeniably enthralling.
1.0 Hey, Dorothy actually has freckles in IMAX. Glinda's floating sphere is mesmerizing. The flying monkeys are creepier than ever. The Lollipop Guild even more disturbing - are these guys having a seizure?
1.0 Any reason to show your children "The Wizard of Oz" on a big screen seems like a good one.
1.0 The best thing about 3D glasses is that they keep your kids from seeing your tears of sentimental joy at this gorgeous restoration
1.0 This phantasmagorical fantasy really does represent old-school MGM filmmaking at its best.
1.0 It is one of the greatest movies ever made, and even today it stands the test of time as a quality family flick.
1.0 Even decades later, one of the best family films ever made.
1.0 A head trip of a family film.
1.0 The moment Judy Garland starts singing in that barnyard, we're all six years old again, with nothing left to do but join her.
1.0 It's more than a movie; it's an American rite of passage. [Blu-ray]
1.0 If through some incredible chance you haven't [seen it], all I can say is: do so immediately. Make this the very next movie you watch. Literally.
1.0 One of only a handful of films that nearly everyone is familiar with.
1.0 The songs and magic are still fresh, even if it isn't quite knowing enough, perhaps, for today's young audiences.
1.0 The greatest children's movie of all time. Probably.
1.0 This 3D remastering of the original, on a giant Imax screen to boot, brings a whole new sense of wonder to Dorothy's yellow-brick road movie.
1.0 I'll see you on the dark side of the moon...and your little dog, too!
1.0 It's a movie that speaks of Hollywood's unacknowledged fascination with the exotic, the mad, the unreal.
0.9 ...a thoroughly American fairy tale that wholly endorses the ethic of consumerism.
1.0 One of the greatest films made ... in any genre.
1.0 It's a movie almost everyone has seen multiple times, and every viewing is a visit home as well as a wild adventure toward territories unknown.
1.0 ...one of the most enduring musical fantasies of all time.
0.75 A true amalgam of creative forces individually pooling their studio-contract talents like a hive of bees (in tribute to a trio of queens...a quartet if you count George Cukor).
1.0 Well named "the wonderful Wizard of Oz"!
1.0 The film is probably as entertaining now as it was in 1939.
1.0 Still a treat for you -- and your little dog too...
0.8 A delightful fantasy for children and adults alike, one that cherishes childhood and its dreams.
1.0 The greatest movie ever? It certainly comes close to claiming that title
1.0 No need to say that this film is a classic.
0.8 It never was a great film, but it's now a part of our culture.
1.0 Pink Floyd anyone?
1.0 I think everyone agrees it is a legendary film and everyone who hasn't seen it, should.
1.0 Is there another family movie as timeless as this one? I don't think so, pal.
1.0 This movie is an ideal family film, superb in every aspect, with outstanding art direction, music, and performances.
1.0 Each time it is shown, this extraordinary film ... embraces a new generation of children who succumb to its magic.
1.0 Its underlying story penetrates straight to the deepest insecurities of childhood, stirs them and then reassures them.
0.9 I can't imagine my childhood without this movie.
0.91 Each scene in The Wizard of Oz is spectacular in its visual creativity. Each song is inspired.
1.0 Remarkable, colorful, heartwarming.
1.0 A dazzling fantasy musical so beautifully directed and acted that it deserves its classic status.
1.0 The music is so infectiously happy that it is basically impossible to keep your toes from tapping, your head from bobbing, and an ear-to-ear grin from appearing on your face.
1.0 This wonderful romp of a movie looks magical on the big screen: colors are a picnic for the eyes, details loom so clearly you can practically touch them and there's a sense of the larger-than-life with a film that's already larger than life.
1.0 It's not simply a magical, whirling experience, but a ground breaker for visual and technological creativity, combining Hollywood forces with Hollywood genius to spawn strands of unique and original elements never before attempted at the movies.
1.0 The Wizard of Oz is one of those rare classics that can endure for generations and be as popular to adults as it is to kids.
1.0 the message comes across loud and clear that you don't have to have a boat, a car or a plane to make a journey of self-discovery and that courage, intelligence and compassion come from within, not through medals, diplomas or testimonials.
1.0 Every bit THE classic.
1.0 Seeing The Wizard of Oz in a movie theater, the way God and Louis B. Mayer intended you to see it, is like being at Cape Canaveral for a space shuttle launch instead of watching it on television.
0.8 Stunningly beautiful, but too intense for little kids.
0.625 The very definition of harmless, watchable entertainment. Exactly whether or not that is good enough depends on who you are.
0.75 It's that rare kind of comedy -- simple humor based on personalities, behavior, and folly .... rather than forced through crass punchlines or annoying sidekicks.
0.7 As with The Bear much of the plot is carried by animal photography, though this film has considerably more human plot. A good family film, and a moving experience.
0.6 It's undoubtedly good-natured, old-fashioned family entertainment, but Two Brothers never quite manages to strike a successful balance between fantasy and reality.
0.75 The kind of movie that kids used to flock to on Saturday afternoons in the forties and fifties.
0.75 Although the lulled pacing of Two Brothers could put an insomniac in slumber land, the film's leading felines are more captivating than most high-paid Hollywood stars.
0.875 Watching Kumal and Sangha, some viewers may even be reminded of lines from Blake's famous poem 'The Tyger': 'What immortal hand or eye/Could frame thy fearful symmetry?'
0.625 Teems with life and a rather beautiful simplicity when Annaud focuses squarely on the tiger cubs - but then the humans come crashing in to make a mess of things.
0.5 I was put off by the way the movie anthropomorphizes the tigers.
0.875 Please take your family to see this rare and marvelous movie.
0.4 The tigers are roaring but the movie is boring
0.8 [It's] a marvel of filmmaking.
0.75 This film is a pure delight and is great viewing for young and old alike.
0.75 Two Brothers features some amazing wildlife cinematography and those great, almost human performances by the thirty or so tigers that were used to make the film.
0.5 There's something awfully disturbing about Two Brothers, and it's not the fact that Guy Pearce is in it.
0.625 The rare family film that doesn't talk down to audiences, yet never as gripping or moving as one anticipates.
0.625 The tiger cub actors are really precious. The same can't be said of the human actors or the script.
0.875 Yes, the animals are the stars. But there's nothing cutesy about "Two Brothers," an often saddening but entertaining tale with tigers as its stars.
0.6 Pearce and the rest of the human actors seem to be an afterthought, but the film is beautiful, the grown tigers majestic and the cubs utterly adorable.
0.6 The movie can be taken as quality children's entertainment ... But the film offers much more than that.
0.75 Impeccably well-crafted, kid-friendly and downright cuddly.
0.5 A beautiful film, but it's also a troubled one.
0.625 Two Brothers may not be a great movie, but it's an unusually diverting episode of Wild Kingdom.
0.4 Brothers can't avoid the sappy Disney touches -- even though it comes from Universal.
0.625 You don't have to be a cat-lover to fall in love with the cuddly young tigers who star in Two Brother.
0.75 Although special effects and careful editing pitch in, the wild-kingdom authenticity on display is an astonishing achievement.
0.5 It is a good thing the tigers at the center of Two Brothers give such strong performances. Without them, the movie would be a lifeless bore.
0.625 Two Brothers is the kind of movie that makes me optimistic for the future of family films.
0.75 Whenever Annaud focuses on the tigers, the wordless action is beautifully shot and amazing to watch.
0.9 A magnificent spectacle that transcends movie genres.
0.7 Two Brothers is not as brilliant as Annaud's triumphant 1989 nature film The Bear, but it is still a magical family adventure.
0.75 An enjoyable, Kipling-esque adventure.
0.75 One of the better live-action, family-oriented dramas in recent memory.
0.625 There is a lot in Two Brothers I admire. Families will not go wrong in attending this film. Some kids will think it's one of the best movies they've seen. My objections are of a sort that won't occur, I realize, to many of the viewers.
0.75 The human behavior in Brothers remains problematic, but the tiger siblings of the title rule the screen each time they appear.
0.6 Jean-Jacques Annaud finds what comes across as genuine emotion and complex thought processes in the beautiful faces of his lead stars.
0.625 The Bear was a little too cutesy for my taste, but director Jean-Jacques Annaud gets the tone right this time.
0.75 As he did with The Bear, Annaud captures expressions on the animals' faces, distinct looks in their eyes: fear, resignation, love, contentment, rage.
0.5 It doesn't help the actors that the tigers have all the good lines.
0.75 Forget about all those fake CGI critters that have become the norm as of late ... Annaud's approach is so retro that it's practically progressive.
0.6 Loses its 'family film' lustre with all the tiger killing/cruelty, but manages to redeem itself in the end...recommended only as a rental.
0.5 Works best when showing the animals in nature, not dwelling on the cruelty they are forced to endure. There's an awful lot of tiger killing for an animal-lover movie.
0.625 It's either a children's movie for adults or an adult movie for children, with scenes to dazzle kids and others that could make them fidgety, though never to 'I wanna go hoooomme' extremes.
0.6 If you're familiar with [Annaud's] previous work you can accurately guess this venture's strengths and weaknesses.
0.9 When it comes to live-action animal dramas, no one does them quite like Jean-Jacques Annaud.
0.875 Director Jean-Jacques Annaud has done it again--a film that delights, saddens, gives hope and fully captures the spirit of the majestic tiger.
0.6 A family-friendly movie made for the same audience that likes to imagine talking animals.
0.625 It's refreshing to see an animal movie in which the animals don't talk, sing or cooperate in the marketing of fast-food restaurants.
0.75 [A] spectacularly beautiful movie.
0.7 While The Bear was an admirable, simple, straightforward drama, Two Brothers has more the flavor of a childhood fable.
0.8 Two Brothers feeds your hunger for PETA-friendly entertainment without sending you into a diabetic coma.
0.75 Virtuoso examples of manipulative editing and fabricated narrative.
1.0 It's an unabashed feel-good film, but a surprisingly intelligent one that honestly earns each smile and every tender moment.
0.75 The animal action is often gripping and suspenseful.
0.875 There's something simple yet miraculous about watching these beautiful animals interact with the wild and each other, even if their actions are being manipulated for the sake of drama.
0.7 Anyone older than 12 can figure out what's going to happen, but the movie still packs an emotional punch that will keep adults entertained as much as the young ones.
0.625 Two Brothers is OK, but not the family friendly fare you think it is.
0.75 A fine example of one of cinema's most endangered species -- an animal movie with a great script.
1.0 An extraordinary film about two wild tigers and the human beings who are changed irreparably by their encounters with these magnificent and mysterious creatures.
0.75 Two Brothers is like a children's book come to life, and it's this summer's "family film" to beat.
0.7 if you sided more with the tiger in the Siegfried and Roy mauling, this is definitely the film for you.
0.6 Animal-loving kids will think it's lovely, but it's only a mildly diverting time-waster for the rest of us.
0.7 A stunning, visually spectacular fable - and those wondrous little tiger cubs are irresistible.
0.7 Its dramatic success seems to derive largely from putting the inhabitants of separate worlds into a context where both belong.
0.75 A strong tiger-centered story drives this endearing drama which takes cute and runs with it, climbs up trees with it, sucks your thumbs with it.
0.7 The actors play it straight, clearly aware that the tigers are the stars.
0.625 Director Nesher has a way of reducing each confrontation to its two-dimensional essence, and he's not helped by a swampy, sentimental musical score.
0.625 The Secrets twines coming-out, coming-of-age and coming-to-terms-with-Orthodoxy in a way that diminishes all three -- and dilutes its message with cliches.
0.7 There is pain and empowerment in The Secrets as difficult choices are made. There are also gaps, but emotionally moving performances by Ardant, Bukstein and Shtamler in particular, keep you with this small but provocative film until the end.
0.875 In some ways, it is a traditional narrative. But it is more. It is gently and powerfully acted.
0.75 The Secrets belongs in a mini-tradition of involving films that limn the border where spiritual and sexual awakenings collide and entwine.
0.6 Each of the three primary directions of the movie might make a fascinating film, but tied together, they never cohere, and you find yourself sitting through two long hours wondering why you are doing so.
0.7 For a film with an aim as ambitious and illusive as the depiction of the spiritual, The Secrets has a surprisingly light touch.
0.7 Dolphin Tale, an inspirational tale about a Little Dolphin Who Could, will swim into your heart despite some melodrama and predictability.
0.5 Middle-of-the-road milquetoast.
0.8 It's an earnest, sweet film that relies on the extraordinary true story of Winter, the rescued dolphin, and little on manipulative Hollywood tricks.
0.875 When I write the "Cookie Awards" in my annual Oscar-season column for the Quad-City Times, I always include this category: Most Embarrassing Crying Spell. There is no question which movie will 'win' the award. I bawled when I watched 'Dolphin Tale.'
0.625 In the hands of actor-turned-director Charles Martin Smith, this kid-centric drama provides a welcome family option with positive values and a minimum of frantic, noisy CGI. It's a tale told on a human (and animal) scale.
0.625 One wonders why the filmmakers felt the need to turn a fascinating true story into a cliche-ridden, formulaic family film.
0.6 While some adults may get impatient with it, kids will undoubtedly find it appealing.
0.6 Those looking to leave the cinema with a warm glow should seek this one out.
0.6 An endearing tale of family, friendship and fighting for what you believe in.
0.8 The emotive aspect of the film is so tangible it's the equivalent of having someone grab hold of your heart on the inside of your rib cage ready to give it an occasional squeeze.
0.8 While it plays hard and loose with the facts, this tale of a boy and a bottlenose dolphin is guaranteed to create a tidal wave's worth of tears.
0.6 Don't expect miracles but this is about a kind of miracle and doesn't sentimentalise it to death.
0.4 Two hours of redemptive hugs, triumphant whoops and tearful smiles later we learn that pinning a tail on a dolphin is, on the scale of human achievement, not far behind winning the Nobel Peace Prize and discovering a cure for cancer.
0.6 Engagingly directed and superbly written, this is a heart-warming feel-good drama with likeable characters and some impressive dolphin wrangling, though the 3D is entirely unnecessary.
0.6 It's easy to roll one's eyes at Dolphin Tale, which is heavy on swelling music and how children - aw, shucks! - can teach adults a thing or two about holding on to hope.
0.75 Animal lovers, be prepared to tear up several times as this heartwarming family film hits all the heartstrings inherent in the genre.
0.6 You would have to be made of a very hard heart not to be moved by the underwater scenes of Sawyer swimming with the dolphin, and of the real-life footage at the end of amputees meeting Winter.
0.8 This is an old-fashioned cockle-warmer that connects through flesh and blood, not pixels.
0.6 As slick, charming and eager-to-please as a SeaWorld cetacean.
0.6 As much as it grates, it still manages to warm the cockles.
0.6 A good shout if your kids like this sort of thing, otherwise best head to your local aquarium.
0.6 An eminently fine inspiring true-ish story of beating the odds and being the best you you can be, and if that's your poison, great.
0.6 ... though sugary and overlong, ... pleasant enough.
0.6 A stellar supporting cast lends credibility to this true-life adventure from director Charles Martin Smith.
0.6 Relentlessly heartwarming, this film can't help but move us to tears.
0.75 Could be accused of mawkishness, but I have no problem recommending a movie that encourages children to love and respect wildlife.
0.6 Manages to hit every mildly comedic and heartstring-tugging bit in the boy-and-his-animal movie playbook.
0.7 Move over Flipper, Winter is the new dolphin star.
0.5 There is heart here, but that's only during the closing credits when we see a glimpse of the true story.
0.75 A movie for the whole family! I don't even know Hollywood was still making those anymore.
0.6 It may not be a perfect film, but it is an ideal family film.
0.4 Dolphin Tale gets bogged down with the family drama. These and other elements raise the level of cheese to that of a white trash Velveeta casserole.
0.625 Plenty of ambition. But the dialogue can be tin-eared, and the comedy has a cater- to-kids quality that sells youngsters short.
0.7 Most children's entertainment feels as sugar-addled as their target audience. But Dolphin Tale avoids being either anxious or obnoxious, keeping young moviegoers amused and enthralled the old-school way: with its story and star.
0.5 It's easy to be cynical ... but then that darn tailless dolphin starts joyfully splashing around and all the corny trappings of the movie simply fade into the background.
0.375 Instead of steering toward deep and troubled waters, "Dolphin Tale" jumps through hoops to engage a young audience.
0.625 Dolphin Tale has its heart in the right place and tells its story well enough for its core audience. Moralistic and sweet, there's plenty here for kids and parents to enjoy.
0.8 Heartwarming tale is sweet, inspiring for kids and tweens.
0.8 DOLPHIN TALE is the perfect end of summer event for the whole family.
0.625 A Disney-esque amalgam of sweetness, humor and a general heartwarming vibe.
0.7 Director Charles Martin Smith overcomes the dialogue limitations and schmaltz, and using a pesky pelican for comic relief, crafts a film that appeals to kids and families.
0.6 The overall story is better than the actual film. You can tell where Hollywood stepped in and fictionalized aspects of the story. It's still very inspirational and fun!
0.625 That it manages to be not insufferable while still being so predictable is a small tribute to its cast and crew.
0.5 It's very sweet and earnest. That's the good news. The bad news is that it's also kind of dull and packed too full of superfluous stuff.
0.4 Dolphin Tale works best when it's not actively trying to manipulate your tear ducts.
0.5 A potentially appealing story about a rescued disabled dolphin gets smothered with inspirational family values guff.
0.6 Most of the family films churned out today are so junky it's almost a shock to find one in which the animals never spout sassy one-liners, or show off their hilarious hip-hop moves.
0.625 Effective as the movie is, it nevertheless left me slightly put off.
0.75 A genuinely moving story that is given oomph by a better-than-you'd-expect cast.
0.625 A heartwarmingly hokey and accessible production.
0.625 Dolphin Tale is a reasonably well-made and likable story about the courageous efforts of a small, determined band of people who come to the rescue of a badly injured sea creature.
0.75 Director Charles Martin Smith saves Dolphin Tale from becoming a maudlin affair with more sappiness than a Vermont forest during maple syrup season.
0.625 Curmudgeons could probably pick it apart 'til the cows come home, but "Dolphin Tale" is exceedingly hard to dislike.
0.8 ...a smart, funny film that packs a solid message.
0.75 This is not only kid-friendly fare, but a lovely family movie.
0.75 It gives young audiences credit for having patience and imagination, and rewards them with an engaging narrative.
0.5 Accompanying grown-ups or older siblings will have to choke down a sizable dose of schmaltz with their fish milkshakes.
0.875 The cast is delightful, the story corny without being cloyingly high-fructose, the direction first-rate.
0.75 A lively, winning family movie starring the very sea mammal at the center of a true story that inspired this film.
0.2 a staggering compilation of various cinematic cliches so transparent a kid could see through them
0.75 It may not be a great movie, but it is an exceptionally touching one.
0.75 The result is an excellent family film - maybe not up to 1996's "Fly Away Home'' in the kid-helps-wildlife genre but eye-opening and heartwarming and sensibility-expanding all the same.
0.75 Even if Dolphin Tale hits every note square on the nose - or maybe because it does - watching it is surprisingly pleasurable.
0.75 With "Dolphin Tale," Hollywood dares to do the almost unimaginable: Create a really heartwarming family movie.
0.6 Inspirational in the very best sense, Dolphin Tale honors the values of commitment, perseverance, and full inclusion for all life's damaged mammals.
0.625 It's rudimentary and even a little clumsy in its filmmaking technique (not a small matter), but there's some narrative ambition, at least...
0.75 A pleasant family film with an improbable true story at its heart.
0.8 Inspiring, feel-good, family-friendly adventure with a special appeal to youngsters who love animals.
0.625 The power behind including footage of real people interacting with Winter reiterates how much better Dolphin Tale would have worked as a documentary or, say, a 'Dateline' special.
0.5 Winter may be a moving symbol of resiliency, but Smith's film unfortunately sticks to shallow waters.
0.8 Attacking a film like this for being a tad cloying seems to be missing the point. It's an intrinsic part of what "Dolphin Tale" is. It's like getting mad at a dog for barking.
0.9 A heart-affecting drama about the loving relationship between a lonely and alienated boy and a badly injured dolphin and the community that supports them.
0.625 Adorable...
0.7 ...if it doesn't bring a tear or two to your eye, you might need a visit to the cardiologist to see what you've got in there in place of a heart.
0.75 Winter is friendly, loving, emotional, playful, brave and intelligent. Before her Dolphin Tale is over, I dare even the most jaded cynic not to shed a tear of admiration and joy.
0.6 You'd have to have a heart of stone to not be moved by the nonfiction footage of disabled children and war vets finding inspiration in Winter.
0.6 Call it Prosthetic Flipper, but the truly inspiring Dolphin Tale is perfect family entertainment (although why it needs to be in 3D is a mystery).
0.8 Donkey, with his endless asides and phenomenally thick skin, is as much of a pleasure as he was in the first film, but he has a challenger: Puss in Boots, voiced by Antonio Banderas.
0.6 There's no denying that Shrek 2 is fun, but it's fun without substance, and like the bubbles in the Fairy Godmother's potions, it evaporates quickly.
0.875 It's a close call as to which one's better.
0.875 It's not often that a sequel is richer and deeper than the original creation, especially when we're talking about the offerings of Hollywood. But Shrek 2 is the exception.
0.8 The characters are still charming, the animation really is spectacularly smooth and expressive, and the Looney Tunes-style humor and pop-culture in-jokes are as inventive and hilarious as before.
1.0 Shrek 2 is as much of a shriek as the original and if they keep putting out films as charming as this one, we'll all live happily ever after.
0.7 Shrek 2 retains all the fun, artistry and pop stylings of Shrek.
0.8 Shrek 2 does not feel like a sequel. It's very funny, very fresh, and leaves one anxious for the next installment.
0.875 If fall movies were this consistently clever, there would never be reason to hesitate before plunking down hard-earned bucks at the multiplex.
0.8 There's plenty of subtle satire and double entendres for young and old alike to savour.
1.0 Just as much fairytale fun as the first one.
0.875 One couldn't ask for a better sequel than Shrek 2.
0.8 All the cast are uniformly excellent in their roles.
0.6 While Shrek 2 bowls merrily along on the fuel of firecracker wit and knowing pastiche that made the original so memorable, it will come as no surprise that second time around we don't feel quite so discombobulated by its brilliance.
0.4 The most accurate way to sum up Shrek 2 is that it is exactly like the original.
0.8 You'll be laughing from the first five minutes.
0.875 It ends up not so much an extension of Shrek's story as an improved retelling. [It's] critique applies to any culture that has codes of behavior and appearance.
0.7 Oh, Antonio; as a human you are -- forgive me -- less than convincing, but as a marmalade pussycat in shiny black thigh-high boots you are absolutely sensational.
0.8 Great amusement, spectacular visuals, and a wholesome story everyone can enjoy.
0.875 a familiar, but funny story of matrimonial turbulence and interfamilial discord ... with a few twisted fairy tale twists, of course
1.0 'Perfecto ejemplo del cine del nuevo milenio, asi como uno de los logros mas importantes en la historia del celuloide. Es, simple y sencillamente, genial e inolvidable.'
0.56 At best, hit and miss comedy.
0.6 An enjoyable if not especially imaginative sequel.
0.8 Enjoyable sequel that reigns in the satirical bite of the original but still delivers plenty of laughs.
0.8 Gauged simply as a gag fest, this is a jolly rib tickle from start to big finish for anyone between six and death. However, it is stretched thinly in development of plot and character.
0.75 Twice as irreverent, twice as flatulent and, at times, twice as much fun as the original.
0.5 Shrek has become a shill, peddling everything from breakfast cereal to M&M's. But is the ready-made blockbuster to the original really all that or just more of the same?
0.9 La trama es sencilla pero explosiva, dando pauta a que los mas ligeros acontecimientos puedan arrebatarnos sonrisas de irreverencia.
0.8 Contando uma historia engracada e interessante, o longa continua a tratar as fabulas com irreverencia.
0.4 Fe Fi Ho Hum!
0.75 The first film had an innocence that made the story feel more real and topical. "Shrek 2" feels very fantastic and improbable.
0.8 Shrek 2 is a smorgasbord of delights, with something for all ages.
1.0 With a witty premise, an all-star cast and a show-stopping rendition of Holding Out For a Hero as the new movie anthem, what's not to love?
0.5 In the best Hollywood tradition, Shrek 2 boldly argues against a prejudice nobody actually has.
0.7 If Antonio Banderas would have played Zorro more like Puss 'n Boots, that movie might have been a lot better.
0.8 A lovelier movie than the first, but...not quite as magical.
0.875 ....thoughtful, extensive, focused and energetic without actually being a retread of the past
0.8 While it's not terribly original--it never takes the premise or characters anywhere new--you'll be so busy laughing you won't care.
0.875 Filled with silly gags and pop culture references, this is a fast-paced gem of a movie that will leave you grinning from ear to ear.
0.9 ...it is a rewarding experience just to play "spot the hilarious movie reference" even if you don't care about the exploits of Shrek et al. But you do care.
0.6 Antonio for Best Supporting Actor! Puss in Boots is the best reason to see a film this summer.
1.0 The sequel may lack the surprise of the original, but it more than makes up for it in terms of the speed -- and volume -- of pop-culture riffs hitting the screen.
0.875 The Shrek gang is back and the new film is better than ever.
0.84 Retains the best of the original - funny characters, smart dialogue, sharp wit and a sweet moral - with less of the obnoxious aspects, and an hilarious new character.
0.75 The humor is so satisfying in its moment-to-moment pleasures that it's almost unsportsmanlike to criticize the bigger picture.
0.7 Serves up heaping helpings of everything fans loved about the first.
0.4 Anyone wanting to see well-crafted animated films that don't rely exclusively on making fun of pre-existing material for their jokes should stick with Pixar.
0.8 With its Meet the Parents vibe and its twisted take on classic fairy tale standards, Shrek 2 is always entertaining and often hilarious.
0.8 I haven't left a theatre with this kind of smile on my face since Elf.
0.8 The long list of sequels to be released in coming months will have a hard time measuring up to this green giant.
0.6 There is distinctly less magic and fun in SHREK 2 as the title ogre has problems becoming accepted by his in-laws.
0.75 The Oscar-winning ogre is back for another adventure, and thankfully the folks behind this one haven't forgotten what made the first Shrek such an entertaining flick.
0.9 There's much fun in one more romp in the company of the monster with a heart of green-gold.
0.6 Is it the second coming of DreamWorks? No, just the second coming of Shrek, which, frankly, is good enough for me.
0.9 Shrek 2 is a fun film that the whole family can enjoy. I think the adults may enjoy it even more than the kids.
0.75 Often very amusing, thanks to a droll script by co-director and co-writer Andrew Adamson (Shrek) and others and a terrific roster of supporting players.
0.8 I recommend this movie to anyone who enjoyed the first film and anyone who enjoys fun, fluffy, all-around entertaining animated movies altogether.
0.8 The depiction of what is essentially a mixed marriage has more tender nuances than many 'serious' films that confront the topic outright.
0.5 Apart from Antonio Banderas' sizzling bout of self-parody as Puss in Boots, who boasts a slashing trademark and Latin bravado akin to Zorro's, Shrek 2 is mostly just dreck squared.
1.0 One viewing isn&#8217;t enough. There&#8217;s layer upon layer of visual gags, and in many cases, they&#8217;re funnier than those in the dialogue.
0.6 It's comfortable, easy and warm, and if it leaves you with a slight feeling of deja vu at the end, what else did you expect?
0.75 Cute, cute, cute is pretty much the defining description of Shrek 2.
0.7 Less magical and falls short of the 2001 Oscar-winning hit -- but that still leaves plenty of room for the new film to entertain.
0.7 There's a lot more to Shrek 2 than this 'I'm-okay- you're-okay' idealism, namely non-stop jokes that are clever, surreal and good-natured.
0.625 There is a fine line between name-dropping a product or TV show for laughs and genuinely writing something that is funny on its own merit
1.0 Once or twice a decade, a moment comes along that's so through-the-roof, rupture-your-hernia funny that it reaffirms my faith in comedy. 'Shrek 2' has several of those.
0.875 Shrek 2 serves up a heapin' helping of merriment and mayhem within a spectacular concoction of animated brilliance! READ ON->
1.0 C'est simple: si vous avez aime Shrek, vous adorerez Shrek 2.
1.0 Shrek 2" proves a sequel not only can be good - but can be great.
0.75 At its best, this Shrek sequel draws up a brilliant new blueprint for all-ages animation, blending fairy-tale whimsy with edgy social satire.
1.0 Fairytales like this can come true... for me and for you.
0.625 Clearly, it's a problem when a movie's least interesting characters are its title hero and his signficant ogre...
0.875 Still flashy, funny and irreverent, balanced with a keen understanding of its lead characters that makes it more than just franchised eye-candy.
0.875 ...the villain this time around is Fairy Godmother herself, who acts like a magically powered plastic surgeon.
0.7 Manages to be a lot of fun while still playing it safe.
0.875 What's amazingly gutsy about Shrek 2 is its ability to dare to duplicate the infectious wit of its Academy-Award winning predecessor
0.5 None of the jokes stand on their own as jokes; they depend on the usual boys' bathroom humor and on pop culture references that range from a bit outdated to very outdated.
0.75 Getting to spend more time with these guys is a treat, but ultimately this is a mostly unnecessary sequel.
0.625 Somebody warn Ellen Degeneres that her brief reign as best supporting cartoon voice is now in jeopardy.
0.75 Lively and fun.
0.875 It's sharp, funny and has a twisted sensibility that manages to be just right for every age group.
0.75 Every bit the equal of the first film.
0.875 Delivers more fun than there is slime in a green ogre's swamp.
0.7 Funny and forgettable.
0.8 Offers twice the fun, twice the pop references and double the amount of astonishing technical wizardry of its predecessor.
0.875 The Shrek franchise is alive and well -- Model 2 is zippier, sleeker, with ever-improving graphics, vast commercial potential and the same sly ability to reach out and hook the whole family.
0.4 Gags that feel tired, too many musical interludes, a story that doesn't really progress from the first film -- Shrek 2 feels a day late and an enchanted princess short.
1.0 It's even more clever than the first Shrek, with even more advanced animation, and a larger cast that is equal to the original winning trinity of Mike Myers, Eddie Murphy, and Cameron Diaz.
1.0 This fractured, very showbizzy deconstruction of fairy tales is in many ways the Godfather: Part II of animations -- it tops its successful predecessor.
0.5 The animation is still startlingly good and that, as well as the occasional bursts of wit, keeps Shrek 2 afloat.
0.75 The sequel to the 2001 computer-animated hit is just as fast, funny and smart as fans were hoping it would be.
0.625 The thrill isn't quite gone, but almost.
0.875 One of the all-too-rare movie sequels that's better than the original.
0.875 It may not be great art, but it's funny stuff for all ages -- and that's a rare treat.
0.875 Shrek 2 proves that winning writing trumps scenery chewing any day.
0.625 A welcome return, even if it won't leave you entirely happy ever after.
1.0 For many people, especially adults, Shrek 2 will be judged the superior of the two pictures.
0.75 A frenetic and very enjoyable 93 minutes at the movies for child and parent alike.
0.875 Kids will enjoy this fast and funny comedy, but the parents will get more of the jokes.
0.875 Shrek would tell Kermit to shove it. Sure, it's easy being green.
0.6 Desperately pleading for our laughs, Shrek 2 offers a small dose of the original's fun spirit with none of its heart.
0.6 Shrek 2 is by no means a bad film. Far from it. However, claims that it's better than the original are wildly overblown...
0.75 Not as funny as the first film, but the story is richer, more emotionally complex and better written.
0.75 A respectable effort and a solid example of family-friendly entertainment.
0.8 Shrek 2 will charm audiences much like the original.
0.95 Antonio Banderas and the Dreamworks animators have teamed up to create a great character, Puss-in-Boots. Cat 'people' will love this!
0.9 A sequel that is every bit as delightful as the original... You might not live happily ever after, but you certainly will live happily for 93 minutes.
1.0 Move over "Godfather 2", "Shrek 2" is the new king of sequels
0.75 With more of an epilogue than a sequel, Dreamworks manages to squeeze a few more drops of humor out of William Steig's beloved ogre.
1.0 Funnier than the original.
0.8 The first Shrek film was an instant classic, and while Shrek 2 may not be at that same level, it isn't far off.
0.875 The big green guy's still got it!
0.7 if not a necessary sequel, certainly a welcome one
0.9 Shrek 2 is smart and silly and exceedingly beautiful to look at; it has a romantic heart and a self-deprecating wink...plus it's just plain old funny!
1.0 Shrek 2 absolutely lives up to the original in every way. It's just as sweet, just as heartfelt, and just as hilarious.
0.75 In a movie filled with imaginative bits, [Puss In Boots] emerges as the cat's meow.
0.875 Shrek 2 is exactly what we want in our sequels; respect for its origins, growth in the characters and an honest attempt to replicate its laugh quotient.
0.9 The writers bombard Puss-in-Boots with cat jokes, and I just couldn't stop laughing every time he was on the screen.
0.75 Shrek 2 may not be as fresh and new as the original, but you still can't stop yourself from lovin' the big green ogre anyway.
0.875 The spirit that made the first film such a charmer survives intact.
0.875 Shrek 2 brims with perverse pleasures that show no respect for the rules of kiddie-cartoon form.
0.875 A sequel as exhilarating and riotously funny as 2001's top-grossing original.
0.75 Not quite as sparkling as the first, but it gets nuttier as it goes along.
0.875 So gorgeously animated and so thoroughly entertaining for all ages that only an ogre would complain it's not quite as fresh as the original.
0.75 This sequel is above average in terms of energy, cleverness and production values. But the original computer-animated blockbuster was so far off the scale that it's hardly fair to expect this one to measure up.
0.75 A solid if not groundbreaking yarn.
0.75 Shrek 2 is bright, lively and entertaining, but it's no Shrek.
1.0 As funny, sweet and engaging as the first film.
0.5 Predicated entirely on "Three's Company"-quality contrivances, requiring all the characters to behave like jackasses in order for the plot to advance.
0.875 This is joyous filmmaking, proof that not all fairy tales have to end.
1.0 I predict this raucously funny, deliciously irreverent comedy will outdraw, outperform and outlast the competition this summer. The ogre rules!
0.8 With delightful new characters, Shrek 2 is the compleat family comedy about being happy in one's own skin -- just what we need in a country obsessed with extreme makeovers.
0.875 ...the sequel has come close to rivaling the original and you will leave ready to see it all again. I don't imagine I'll be writing that compliment often this summer.
0.875 Lampoons a number of fairy-tale conventions but engages in the conflict and warmth of un-enchanted humanity.
0.75 Blazes across the screen with mature, rapid-fire wit; genuine warmth; and rainbow-colored visual beauty.
0.375 DreamWorks, the supposed anti-Disney, is producing product the unfortunate equal of their archenemy.
0.875 Another don't-miss gem from DreamWorks.
1.0 Shrek 2 is one of the great movies of all time.
0.875 The film is amusing from start to finish, but one pseudo-video-taped segment of "KNIGHTS" (a "COPS" spoof) rocks the theater. It's hands down (or handcuffed) hilarious.
0.6 Parfaits are in order for viewing this sequel that stumbles badly before hitting its stride halfway through its running time
0.25 Credit Shrek 2 for being the rare sequel that more or less equals its predecessor-the first film was garbage, and so is the second.
0.2 This sequel to "The Parent Trap" is simply awful in every sense of the word.
0.8 A worthy sequel to the original fan favorite.
0.25 ...an interminable piece of fluff that holds absolutely no appeal for viewers outside the film's target demographic of teenaged girls (undiscriminating teenaged girls, at that).
0.3 Even by Disney Channel standards, this sequel is weak and shrill and not at all fun.
0.875 ...as buoyant as you'd expect from a movie largely set amidst the clouds.
0.875 One of Japanese writer-director Hayao Miyazaki's best films.
0.6 A Star Wars-like animated feature about a legendary city behind the clouds and the many secrets it holds about nature, robots, light, and magic.
0.7 Castle in the Sky is an...uplifting experience. It's the perfect place to view where Miyazaki has been and where he intends to go.
0.8 Exciting, all-ages anime airborne fantasy epic.
0.875 Unusually detailed animation glides hand in hand with the film's aura of wonderment.
0.75 It shows the master still learning, still discovering his pacing.
0.6 Some of the action verges on the cartoonish, but Miyazaki's extraordinary realism in dealing with his characters is already evident in this fun adventure story.
0.9 My favorite Miyazaki film
0.75 Interesting for the Miyazaki scholar for sure but still feeling its way in terms of the connectivity and brilliance of Miyazaki's later plots.
0.625 Try to picture Terry Gilliam doing an animated Star Wars by way of Jules Verne.
0.6 Gentle princess tale focuses on being true to yourself.
0.6 Uplifting (for some) fantasy-comedy-drama. Stick with original version from 1950s.
0.2 A sugary and sickening Disney remake...
0.6 Serviceable, but why does Tony Danza have to die?
0.0 Terrible fantasy. Full of depressing things like orphans and death. No amount of angels can uplift that.
0.2 On behalf of Angels fans everywhere, I demand an apology from the makers of this film.
0.6 Typical Adam Sandler -- charm mixed with crude humor.
0.5 The heavy-handed sentimentality provokes a most violent gag reflex.
0.6 Another genial Sandler opus.
0.5 Things roll along quite charmingly, until the action hit the courtroom and gets bogged down in a boorish, maudlin custody case.
0.625 Sandler continues to bring a sweetness, irreverence and unpredictability to the screen that make hits out of his films.
0.6 Though there are several truly funny moments in Big Daddy, they're all included in the trailer, so if you've seen it, that's all you need.
0.625 Not so bad.
0.75 ...you just might wind up with a new found respect for Sandler.
0.75 Don't expect La Dolce Vita and you'll love Big Daddy.
0.625 I still enjoyed myself at Big Daddy, but I didn't leave the theater marveling at how Sandler is able to make me laugh every time.
0.0 Worst of all is the way Sandler wants to have it both ways: to muck around in gross-out humor one minute and then turn schmaltzy the next minute with some fraudulent business about how much he loves the kid.
0.25 How's this for a novel complaint: Big Daddy just isn't stupid enough.
0.5 worth the trip but not the ticket price
0.5 A perfect case study in trying to please two entirely different crowds: the beer-guzzling college guys who make up the majority of Adam Sandler's fans and the unlucky dates who get dragged along to the movie.
0.4 There's no doubt Sandler is talented, but if he persists in believing that, like Elvis, his presence alone covers a multitude of omissions and inconsistencies, he will squander his gift and make a series of forgettable films in the process.
0.5 Two disparate films for the price of one.
0.5 Adam Sandler has gone soft and it just doesn't work.
0.375 The movie has a heart, yes, but not a very big one.
0.5 Being a jerk par excellence should mean never having to say you're sorry.
0.6 I was perplexed by some of the decisions of the filmmakers to try to make this film into a comedy.
0.4 An amusing premise that fails to live up to its own promise before sliding into a hackneyed courtroom battle and soggy father-son reconciliations.
0.5 A kindler, gentler Adam Sandler.
0.6 Big Daddy is crude and obvious, sloppy and mawkish, contrived and clumsily manipulative, and yet it still works.
0.6 Another dumb movie by Adam Sandler.
0.6 Big Daddy is clear evidence that -- for the moment at least -- this pony doesn't need a new trick.
0.7 Funny and cute!
0.625 Audiences don't go to a Sandler movie expecting realism or tricky plotting, they go for laughs, and there are at least a few.
0.625 moderately funny/dramatic overall.
0.6 Adam Sandler's latest comedy is sure to be a big, sentimental hit with his extensive fan club but not so prized by more mature film lovers.
0.73 Although it comes with spit and plenty of urine, Big Daddy also sneaks in a load of charm and a big heart!
0.75 Adam Sandler's sweetness just busts out all over. It's a wondrous thing to watch.
0.625 If anything, the movie is funny, plain and simple, and due to the several noted performances that are far above this slight material, I found I was enjoying Big Daddy quite a lot.
0.375 From how to ridicule poor, minimum wage clerks to how to cause bodily injury to innocent bystanders, Sandler lays it on thick.
0.4 The underwritten script fails to develop its premise adequately, shifts gears mechanically and comes too easily to a convenient finale.
0.375 I mostly looked at my watch and counted down the minutes until the agony of having to watch this idiotic movie was passed.
0.25 It's impossible to produce anything worthwhile from this screenplay, which has ugly, twisted morals.
0.3 After seeing how funny and talented Sandler's fellow SNL alum Mike Myers is, Sandler's one note shtick seems pretty lame.
0.625 A sure sign of a pending apocalypse: I enjoyed Adam Sandler's new movie.
0.625 Sandler's latest film isn't much of step up from those previous encounters, but it retains all of their good-natured affability.
0.3 A flimsy sentimental comedy with more product plugs and fewer laughs than might have been hoped for.
0.4 Cheap emotions, sloppy writing.
0.625 The film offers its share of big laughs, but the serious side is sunk by mawkishness and sentimentality.
0.375 Big Daddy should be reported to the child welfare office.
0.4 For Sandler's core audience of developmentally arrested males, it may all be a little too cute.
0.6 Strong female action hero in positive-message packed show.
0.7 ...it's hard not come away with a smile on your face.
0.8 What the hell kind of grown-up hands out rocks on Halloween?
0.6 Perhaps Charlie Brown's most charming, bittersweet moment.
0.8 The most sincere of all Halloween specials.
0.8 Very funny and genuinely insightful family movie.
0.5 There's something even more hard-to-take than a cherubic tot trying his or her darndest to be adorable: it's an ugly kid acting annoying.
0.375 ...boring and slow and unfunny and a waste of Bruce Willis' time.
0.6 This is obviously a blowoff role for Willis; apart from a few frantic scenes where he thinks he's crazy, he appears to be reading lines in his sleep.
0.8 Si el nio que alguna vez fuimos nos preguntara qu es lo ms importante que hemos aprendido en nuestra vida, qu responderamos?
0.5 Seldom does one find a film that meets expectations so thoroughly.
0.375 Too bad infamously awful director Jon Instinct Turteltaub is at the helm.
0.3 Why am I sick to my stomach?
0.5 Nothing is very believable in the film.
0.5 Screams out for that special, gentle touch, and the filmmakers sadly never realize it. Or maybe they just didn't care.
0.5 So eager to please it ends up falling all over itself, The Kid could have used the more evenhanded touch Wells displayed in directing Guinevere.
0.5 A charmless, predictable picture.
0.4 You'll laugh, you'll cry, but when it's over you'll feel guilty about it.
0.5 Simple, paint-by-number feelings.
0.625 It could have been worse -- much worse.
0.8 A strong film with a big heart.
0.375 Disney's The Kid has a very strong chance at being a 'surprise hit.'
0.5 For all its obviously commercial push, this is a movie of intermittent pleasant surprises.
0.625 More of an adult movie which kids might like, than visa versa.
0.8 Only the hardest heats will refuse to be warmed.
0.75 Warm-hearted and effective.
0.6 It is more than likely that many adults will also see a bit of themselves in the Willis character.
0.75 No es apta para personas amargadas o resentidas con la vida, sino parta aquellos que tienen corazon de pollo y alma de nino
0.7 Has reasonable appeal for adults who had to give up their own dreams.
0.3 A charmless, saccharine sitcom.
0.5 The characters don't act like real people.
0.75 Wonderful family entertainment.
0.625 Jon Turteltaub pilots a moving story.
0.8 The Kid is a delightful, innocuous family film, one that kids will enjoy as well as adults.
0.7 By rights The Kid should be dreadful. Surprisingly enough, it often soars to heights of not bad.
0.4 It feels like the longest, deathliest panto ever made -- and still it isn't over.
0.625 Maybe Harry Potter could cast a magic spell over us before we see his new movie.
0.7 Yates does a pretty good job with the heavy lifting, but there's not much poetry to this exercise that brings the story of the boy wizard one step closer to its conclusion.
0.8 Deathly Hallows is the first Harry Potter film that fully delivers on the promise of J.K. Rowling's works, expertly balancing a tricky and expansive narrative, along with quiet character moments and some rollicking action sequences.
1.0 As J.K. Rowling wove a conclusion as ominous as it was elegant in the final installment of the Potter series, so too has director David Yates in Part 1 of Deathly Hallows.
0.83 Sure, there are some rearranging and compressing of scenes and facts, but the two-and-a-half hour runtime for half a book allows screenwriter Steve Kloves and director David Yates the space to faithfully retell a really good story.
0.8 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 1 is beautifully shot with wonderful atmosphere and an appropriately dark tone, making it a very enjoyable experience.
0.8 The biggest plus of this film is that the story is brought out of Hogwarts and into a greater world.
0.875 Alternately funny and touching, it's the best film in the series, an "Empire Strikes Back" for these wizards and their wizarding world. And those effects? They're so special you don't notice them.
0.3 This penultimate entry in the series lacks the life and the imagination of its worthy predecessors.
0.75 It seems unfair to chide the entire film for one sagging act, so in the end, this first part gets a slight recommendation for its characters, art direction, and some thrills.
0.875 A terrific set-up to the final chapter of our favorite boy wizard's saga.
0.9 Far more emotionally complex and scary than any previous entry - Potter 7.1 is the franchise's best chapter yet.
0.7 Fortunately, the good outweighs the mediocre, so in the end this is one of the better installments in the series.
0.75 No more professors, no more books; no more Potter's defiant looks.
0.875 The domineering final stretch of a story that has become as much popcorn distraction as old, reliable friend is shaping up to be part family reunion, part merciless slugfest.
0.5 The magic is lost on the very young because of the films' even darker tone.
0.875 The saga of Harry Potter definitely heats up before it winds down.
0.6 Probablemente la mejor de la serie desde El Prisionero de Azkaban (2004), HP7 es una pelicula de clima denso, oscuro y ominoso, excelentemente filmada.
0.78 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part I is the first entry of the franchise to really capture the essence of J.K. Rowling's masterworks.
0.8 Although it feels far too long, Yates and Kloves thankfully mix the dark drama with lighter comedy, allowing the characters to grow organically
0.625 Potter stumbles at the finish line with tepid Hallows.
0.9 The trio has clearly advanced beyond the pure buddy stages of childhood.
0.8 Judging by this first half, this touchstone series is well on its way to getting the sendoff it deserves.
0.9 Yates has been building his version of this world for two movies now, and he rightfully doesn't let up.
0.9 Fulfills the promise of Brit TV director David Yates as the perfect Harry Potter director -- and quite possibly as a filmmaker to reckon with in general.
0.8 "Deathly Hallows" is a significant improvement over the slow and talky previous film
0.7 Pretty artful, complex, compelling work for a film that technically doesn't have a beginning or end.
0.75 The grimness of Deathly Hallows replaces the lighthearted tone of the previous films ... how much of an improvement this is depends on how serious you thought the series should be.
0.8 Part 1 concludes with good and evil evenly balanced, both sides having suffered losses in pursuit of ultimate victory.
0.75 The decision to split it into two movies couldn't have paid off more. Yates finally has the time to spend with Harry, Ron, and Hermione that's he hasn't had lately, and the movie is 100 percent better for it.
0.5 In Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 1, the tone has completed its change. The initial innocence, playfulness, and fresh discovery of magic is long gone. Horror now prevails.
0.5 A stop gap, not a movie.
0.7 Deathly Hallows Part 1 is a damn fine piece of film - if I had the faintest idea what was going on in it, I might have enjoyed it even more.
0.5 Has too many plot threads to follow in its willy-nilly efforts to set the stage for the real ending.
0.8 It may be the scariest, but it's also one of the strongest in the series.
0.5 Not wild about this "Harry". Half the book equals half the entertainment.
0.8 It's not without its faults, but those glitches are largely irrelevant because it ticks all the boxes Potter-heads want to see ticked.
0.75 David Yates's third crack at the franchise goes to a dark, interesting place, even if the whole enterprise feels rather played-out, so last decade.
0.6 On its own, it's the worst film in the series since the first two... I suspect it will wear well. It was never meant to be a stand-alone movie, after all.
0.75 A water-treading sequel with no emotional momentum ostensibly serving as a setup for next summer's grand finale
0.75 It's essentially a horror movie, set in the belly of the beast, almost literally: The film's not 10 minutes old before a giant constrictor opens its fanged jaws and swallows the camera lens -- and us -- whole, plunging the screen into darkness.
0.6 If its total success can only be properly measured upon arrival of the conclusion in July, the fact that Part 1 makes that worth waiting for should be taken as some kind of victory.
0.8 While this Harry Potter is the most murky and forlorn so far, its most grave battle is the internal question between the corporate and creative types. We know why the seventh film was extricated into two, but should it really have been?
0.6 Saved by a riveting first hour, excellent cast and beautiful production, a multitude of flaws in pacing, exposition and the strange point at which the film ends puts this chapter far from the best in the franchise.
0.75 the cleaving of Rowling's 759-page finale into two separate films ultimately benefits the material, allowing the filmmakers to take their time and keep as much of the story as possible while also maintaining a taut narrative pace
0.5 The three main leads' deficient acting ability causes the movie to falter in the middle. The absence of the colorful supporting players to bolster enthusiasm is a crucial missing ingredient. The computer-generated special visual effects are...
0.8 Of all characters, Dobby (at one point the Jar Jar Binks of the Harry Potter World) steals the show.
0.75 The coasting comes in the middle of the movie, which is fortunate since it leaves the production with a vibrant opening act and a powerhouse final hour.
0.75 The best-looking and best-acted film in the series so far. Drags a bit in the middle act. Otherwise, a solid wind-up for the grand finale.
0.8 The genius of why this film, like the book, resonates so deeply is that Rowling has found the perfect junction of pure fantasy and real politics gone horribly wrong
0.75 This latest installment is almost Bressonian in its setup and execution. If nothing else, it's audacious.
0.8 Get ready for a long eight months, Potterites.
0.6 full review at Movies for the Masses
0.6 Although it represents a natural progression in the series, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 1 will be a slog for those new to the Potter universe.
0.75 We might sometimes take the skills of Radcliffe, Grint and Watson for granted ... they deserve acclaim for keeping the continuity of their performances intact for a decade.
0.75 'Part II' won't come until next summer so for now, if you have been a faithful follower, you won't bored at all with this installment, just a bit anxious for the next one.
0.75 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 1 is slower and stranger than any of the previous films, simultaneously raising hopes for a haunting finale while dimming hopes for a magical one.
1.0 By any measure, Deathly Hallows is a ripping thriller.
0.7 ...what should have been great is merely good, a solid prequel to the proposed chaos to come.
0.875 Yates, Radcliffe and the rest of the Potter posse are giving fans exactly what they deserve -- a powerful denouement worthy of a boy wizard who has charmed the world for more than a dozen years.
1.0 'When I say that HP7 is amazing, please understand that if it violated my love for the book, I'd be ripping it to shreds with my bare hands.'
0.73 The dark tone, the real sense of sacrifice, the strained relationships, and an ending that suggests that the good guys are utterly outmatched, combine to give this film stakes that feel like they matter.
0.722 Somewhat unevenly paced and lacks exposition, but there's no denying its stylish, exquisite production values. Avid Harry Potter fans will be captivated, thrilled and left drooling for Part 2.
0.625 Penultimate installment mostly for lovers of the books
0.6 All Yates has to do is coax decent performances out of his young charges and make sure the fantastical is a fair representaion of what happens in the books.
0.8 Harry Potter fans, your bittersweet moment is here. Fortunately, the sweet far outweighs the bitter.
0.8 Excellent, epic saga continues to get darker, more intense.
0.4 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallow: Part 1 is bad on an epic scale. The worst film in the series. Period.
0.5 A meandering, downbeat steppingstone to the Potter series' grand finale.
0.75 We get to see the characters raw and frayed - almost junkie-like - without the saccharine pill coating that usually helps us swallow the bad stuff happening in Harry Potter Land.
0.875 A very satisfying blend of mood and spectacle, action and character, wonder and fear.
0.8 Childhood things ...[are] set aside as our three heroes, now young adults, set off on their own like resistance fighters in a World War II movie.
0.75 The first part of "Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows" is everything fans should expect: It is brooding, a bit scary, action-packed, sentimental, dangerous and grand.
0.875 Who needs Hogwarts?
0.625 The most disappointing of the series, but better than most movies out there.
0.75 Not surprisingly, "Part 1" feels like only half a film, but as this beloved series prepares to draw to a close, it is a mighty good start.
0.8 To the muggles among the critics who carp about this or that, this isn't for you. It's for those of us invested in this saga, and for whom July 2011 cannot come soon enough.
0.875 Readers expecting everything plus the kitchen sink - or, in this case, seven magical Horcruxes - should not be disappointed.
0.625 The build-up to part two is a fine tease to the end of a franchise that has quickly started to feel like a chore.
0.8 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows lacks warmth, whimsy, playfulness and hope. And that is precisely what makes it great.
0.6 This really is a more grown-up affair, and very scary, whether with the Dark Lord's manipulation of his minions in Malfoy Manor, or in Bathilda Bagshot's reptilian stare.
0.875 It's a film of great courage and artistry, a movie ostensibly for children that's also worthy of them.
0.8 There are a number of touches that aren't just magical but also deeply moving.
0.625 This one is a long, archetypal journey that screeches to a halt a few stops short of its destination.
0.8 This is a Harry Potter film that functions as a dark, emotional character study more than a fun adventure, which will be disconcerting for some. But if you love these characters, as many of us do, you'll find a lot to admire.
0.4 Despite its enormous popularity and commercial success, the Harry Potter saga seems destined to be remembered as never quite adding up to the sum of its parts.
0.6 If the film's main job was to whet the appetite for the next one, it does that well.
0.5 Beautifully shot but a soulless cash machine, "Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 1" delivers no dramatic payoff, no resolution and not much fun.
0.75 Radcliffe, Watson and Grint, having literally grown up in their characters, are ready for their close-up. They earned it, they deserve it and they nailed it.
0.75 For the first time, their coming-of-age journey outshines the special effects.
0.875 Menacing and meditative, Hallows is arguably the best installment of the planned eight-film franchise, though audiences who haven't kept up with previous chapters will be hopelessly lost.
1.0 Reclamar da "lentidao" da narrativa seria apenas um atestado da mais absoluta incapacidade de compreender as necessidades do projeto, exigindo acao inconsequente de uma obra mais preocupada em retratar o desgaste de seus protagonistas.
0.6 The three young wizards on a quest that will test their loyalties, courage, and magical abilities to the max.
0.7 I'm certainly ready to see the final entry in the series just to see how it all ends - not that years of spoilers haven't already ruined that for me - but HP7.1 hardly packs in a finale to send you home salivating for 7.2.
0.7 Deathly Hallows I actually manages to be involving and kind of artful about the boredom and loneliness of heroism.
0.625 The truth is that this film is mostly plain work, done by rote, like any introductory potions class. The real fun -- and thrills and tears -- come next year.
0.625 There's nothing inherently wrong with his initial adaptation of J.K. Rowling's seventh and final novel except for the fact that it ends with the best parts of the story yet to be told.
0.625 At 146 minutes, "Part 1" is like a director's cut or a DVD filled with bonus materials that expands to fill the available space through dilution.
0.4 ... dreary, murky and cheap ...
0.7 Warner Bros. had no choice but to split the final installment in the Harry Potter series into two parts, but doing so leaves an unsatisfying feeling when the credits roll.
0.625 Like a virgin's padded bra, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows, Part I is all tease, zero payoff.
0.8 Easily the best Potter film since 'Azkaban.' The cinematography is beautiful, the magic is fun and the characters are deep. Did Peter Jackson direct the middle section?
0.625 The upside of this, one supposes, is that when Part 2 comes out next year it will be nonstop excitement. We've already endured the iffy parts.
0.875 The best of the franchise to date, a satisfying, appetite-whetting setup for the series finale.
0.8 'Deathly Hallows' is a true epic, one can only wonder how massive the second half will be.
0.875 This is a three-jumps-out-of-your-seat thriller -- a road movie minus Bob and Bing, a gray-hued travelogue through the shoddy side England, Scotland and Wales -- bog, moor and power plants.
0.9 Even though it ends in the middle, Deathly Hallows: Part 1 finds notes of anxious suspense and grave emotion to send its characters, and its fans, into the last round.
0.7 If in past Potters -- especially the early ones -- Radcliffe, Watson and Grint were wisely surrounded by one acting legend after another, here they're called on to shoulder the story on their own.
0.5 Alas, as directed by the returning David Yates, these big chase sequences are the usual compendium of ear-splitting noise and eye-glazing edits -- again, no magic required and none delivered.
0.625 It's grim, funny in one sequence about shapeshifters, vivid in moments of violent action, nearly devoid of plot twists and marked by long patches where Harry, Ron and Hermione camp in the woods.
0.9 David Yates' fluid, fast-paced direction sends up the crackling tension of a thriller.
0.75 It's the closest the HP movies will get to a reserved character drama. My favorite parts are the tiny, dialogue-less character moments packed with emotional undercurrents.
0.9 Potter devotees will find much to admire in the movie directed by David Yates, although its sensibility is much closer to that of a horror movie than a traditional fantasy/adventure.
0.6 Rowling's flaws as a storyteller are much more evident in this film than in previous installments.
0.8 For those who have felt their emotional investment flourish over the course of six films, indulging extra attention to details is a pleasure.
0.8 Gone are the sweet hijinks at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, as well as any "hey, look at me!" magical inventions; Deathly Hallows is all business -- taut, fraught, and fearsome.
0.7 The filmmakers...adapt Rowling's tale with as much fidelity as their budget, effects crew, production designers, actors, and common sense will allow.
0.8 Drags a bit in the second act, but it's a solid buildup to the final chapter in this legendary franchise.
0.8 Ominous and downbeat but a compelling, visual treat, this certainly whets our appetite for next year's big finale.
0.75 The seventh "Harry Potter" movie asks the most of its audience thus far, and returns the least. If you're not a fan and know nothing of the characters, the film will be a difficult slog. Those bought into the franchise will be appropriately enthralled.
0.6 The film plays more like an extended prologue than a story in its own right. But some stunning set pieces and a beautiful animated segment redeem things considerably.
0.795 Basically, you'll love it if you love Potter and you'll hate if you hate Potter, but if you're just looking for some fun in the theaters you can do far, far, far, far, far worse than Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows.
0.75 The movie builds erratically to the moment when the end credits start rolling. After sacrificing nearly 2 1/2 hours to this movie, there's a sense that more is deserved.
0.875 For those caught up in the "Potter" world -- and surely anyone who isn't dropped out of this franchise long ago -- "Deathly Hallows" is immensely satisfying.
0.75 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows Part 1 features some of the strongest, most beautifully realized moments in all of the series. In other respects, it is one of the most fundamentally problematic entries.
0.875 Kloves brings Rowling's world to life, engrossing you in the story and making your truly care about these characters.
0.6 As setup for the long-awaited climax, Part 1 does its job, and manages to take time for some meaningful emotional moments along the way.
0.8 The final book ... has been cleft in twain ... a move that is both cruel and absolutely necessary. Some will argue that the resulting product is merely half a film, and they'd be right. It's also one-eighth of the full story, so why start complaining now?
0.8 Half of the final story, yes, but a beautifully paced film that lingers in the dark magical world as Harry, Ron & Hermoine find themselves in a self imposed exile in search of the fragments of Voldemort's soul.
0.625 I'd be lying if I said I'm not eager to see how everything turns out.
0.4 If you haven't read the book, do so. This is the first 150 minutes of the final novel adaptation (part two next spring) and to me it was virtual gobbledegook.
0.8 Deathly Hallows: Part 1 begins in eerie, chilling darkness and things don't let up from there, as director Yates crafts a truly terrifying spell over the Potter-verse.
0.75 Like Alfonso Cuaron, who made Azkaban, Yates and his crew are as visually descriptive as Rowling was with language.
0.7 It's not a bad movie, but it is very much a transitional one, with Warner Bros. splitting J.K. Rowling's last installment in the "Potter" series into two films.
0.75 Much of the heavy lifting falls to Watson, and, in such moments as the one where she must wipe out her family's memories of her to protect them, she is more than up to the task.
0.5 To be fair to Deathly Hallows, the filmmakers have tried hard to fill the proceedings with battles and chases and debilitating curses. Genuine filmmaking excitement, however, is harder to provide.
0.75 The high quality of the series remains. Returning director David Yates and screenwriter Steve Kloves remain attentive as ever to Rowlings' holy text, and the mood is as magic as always.
0.75 When Warner Brothers announced that it planned to split the seventh, and final, installment of J.K. Rowling's wizarding septology into two separate films, I figured it was all about the money. Turns out it was all about the story.
0.5 More like Harry Potter and the Torturous Moping.
0.8 David Yates better captures both the playful and solemn tones of J.K. Rowling's writing, making Harry's wildest and most dangerous journey also one of great adventure and growth.
0.5 This series is really getting tired. The films of J.K. Rowling's mega-popular books were always handled with grim seriousness by the various directors assigned to them, but at least in the early films there was a sense of magic and originality.
0.3 The pervasive dark tone, the heavy-handed dialogue and the sloth-like pace of Deathly Hallows reflects the self-importance that has now overwhelmed the obligation to entertain.
0.75 It's easy to get lost in the rich, two-and-a-half hour installment, but it wraps up too abruptly.
0.8 While intriguing and action-packed, it's far more perilous, intense and realistic than previous installments.
0.875 A grim landscape for our heroes...So grim, in fact, that you may feel as if Harry, Ron and Hermione are the last survivors of an apocalyptic aftermath and Part II may be all the better for it.
0.7 Fans will enjoy the dark, brooding, gorgeous penultimate film of one of the most solid genre series ever. Casual observers will likely be confused as hell or bored silly.
0.8 The first part of Deathly Hallows has plenty of invigorating imagery alongside the pro forma narrative elements.
0.75 I could watch this stuff all night, and practically did since the movie is so needlessly long.
0.75 The film depends more on mood and character than many of the others, and key actions seem to be alarmingly taking place off-screen.
0.75 I knew magic could be dark - there is plenty of that in Part 1 - but who knew it could also be so sad?
0.8 Equal parts action thriller, political parable, and multidimensional love story, Hallows feels sad and strong and true.
0.75 The story-within-the-story regarding the deathly hallows is visualized by way of shadow-puppet style animation, and the effect is quite beautiful.
0.5 Potter's a plodder. This magician's either out of tricks or frustratingly saving them for next time.
0.9 There is suspense and action in this film, but there is also lots of room for emotion, and for the audience, a satisfying build up to next summer's grand finale.
0.8 This isn't a great movie viewed in isolation but it is near on the perfect adaptation of the prelude to this beloved story's conclusion.
0.9 I'm anxiously awaiting the next Harry Potter, and this is probably the only film series I can think of where each film is better than the last.
0.75 When a movie begins with the Warner Bros. logo crumbling in decay and ends with a defiled grave, you know you've experienced an evening of magic.
0.6 Often just seems to be going round in very decreasing circles, chasing its own fairytale.
0.6 If nothing else, this penultimate film does leave you anticipating how it will all turn out in the final film, which is a lot more than can be said about other comparative film franchises.
0.6 Good enough, even for those of us who have no idea what's going on once the plot resorts to Potterbabble.
0.6 The darker atmosphere and real-world locales makes this the most mature and humanistic entry to date, but it's hard not to miss the warmth and whimsy that has been left behind.
0.9 Deathly Hallows Part 1 is warm without being cloying; frightening without outstaying it's welcome, and it manages to prey on deep-seeded fears with remarkable proficiency.
0.7 Yates has developed a distinctive visual style and there are some striking locations in this film, landscapes that have an almost dreamlike power. And the action has an abrupt kinetic impact.
0.8 On the evidence of this, his penultimate film, the teenage wizard is getting the send-off he deserves.
0.7 An unfamiliar new setting does little to diminish the humour, heart and excitement of the Harry Potter franchise on form.
0.6 A film with no beginning and no end but a whole lot of expository middle, this is the least satisfying instalment in the series since Chris Columbus folded up his director's chair.
0.8 Deathly Hallows: Part 1 definitely whets appetites for the final outing as it builds to a stunning climax tinged with sadness and anticipation about the inevitable battle between Harry and Voldemort which will conclude next year...
0.8 Darker and scarier than its predecessors, this is a fitting and enjoyable run-up to the action packed finale, though it might be a bit baffling if for some reason you haven't read the books or seen the previous films.
0.6 Exposition heavy, Potter 7: Part One is an entertaining but flawed prelude to the real finale.
0.65 Deathly Hallows - Part 1 isn't necessarily bad but it's more than a little disappointing.
1.0 This is a superb beginning to the end of a great British success story. You rejoice that they decided to forgo 3D. The Potter films don't need gimmicks to get our attention.
0.6 The most memorable sequences in the film are not, for once, the action scenes but the acting ones.
0.6 It's gripping alright, but ends all too abruptly.
0.6 While it's by no means a bad Harry Potter movie, the overriding feeling is that it's an incomplete one. Here's hoping that Yates and his team put that right next summer.
0.6 The first and third acts are over-busy; the middle one moves like an arthritic house-elf. Still, a decent smattering of magic moments and tension's pumped up sky-high. Bring on Part 2.
0.8 Your appetite will be whetted for what promises to be an almighty showdown before the curtain comes down on Harry Potter for good.
0.8 We have watched these three growing up and their performances have never been better -- particularly Grint, who gets the opportunity to do more than just play for laughs.
0.4 It's hard to mourn the demise of a franchise that was never more than half-alive to begin with.
1.0 A towering achievement. Or rather, half of a towering achievement.
0.6 The final story may well be colourful and complex, but, on this evidence, there's absolutely no artistic justification for a two-movie split.
0.6 Dramatic story of a dog's devotion is emotionally intense.
0.8 An unapologetic tear-jerker. You might resent being emotionally manipulated by this film, but I challenge even the most hard-hearted moviegoer not to spill some saltwater while watching it.
1.0 An immensely appealing drama about the extraordinary love and devotion of a dog for his beloved human companion.
0.4 This is the film equivalent of Nice biscuits, or snow globes, or N-Dubz. You're vaguely aware that they exist but you don't know anyone who actually likes them.
0.4 Ita(TM)s an extraordinary and touching story but told with too beady an eye on the box-office for comfort - even if youa(TM)re a doggy person.
0.8 A simple, old-fashioned heartwarmer that all the family can enjoy.
0.2 Bland beyond endurance.
0.4 This is mutt mush, pure and simple-minded, for those in the mood.
0.4 Lasse Hallstrom dishes up more classy mediocrity with this brazenly uncomplicated treat for dog lovers.
0.6 The subsequent tragic events are moving rather than just manipulative, while the bond between man and canine is treated with a tender gravitas that might surprise those expecting merely some doggie-themed weepie.
0.2 The man who once directed What's Eating Gilbert Grape? is now the Hallmark greeting card of movie-makers.
0.2 It's not a story that could ever move me: all I see in it is a dumb animal who doesn't know any better.
0.6 Come the sniffly denouement, it would take a hard heart not to be won over. Even cynics might find their noses a little wet.
0.6 In the canon of recent canine cinema, there are far worse movies than this.
0.6 Sensitively directed and rarely over-sentimental, this touching parable will likely ravish the emotions of dog lovers.
0.8 Not a dry eye in the house - but not irritating schmaltz either.
0.85 ...a warm and winning family movie about a scholar (Richard Gere) who discovers a lost Akita puppy on his way home from work.
0.4 This is warm hearted, well acted and nicely shot and the dog is undeniably cute but the story is ultimately too slight to sustain a 90 minute film.
1.0 ...the most gut-wrenching tearjerker to come around in quite some time...
0.4 Low-budget cartoon tells classic story with hopeful ending.
0.625 While the movies are increasingly enamored with ever more elaborate computer animation, [director Phil Nibbelink] delivers a feature that is resolutely old-fashioned in its use of cels. Surprisingly, it's not terrible.
0.2 A comprehensive list of what's wrong with Romeo & Juliet: Sealed With a Kiss would stretch farther than the unabridged works of William S.
0.4 Obnoxious monkeyshines.
0.8 Singers celebrate diversity and independence.
0.125 ...Tom Hanks himself would be hard-pressed to inject life into this cliched, formulaic storyline.
0.5 John Hughes' vision of Dennis is much more menacing than Ketcham's fans and parents of small children might reasonably expect.
0.0 Someone ought to pay for this.
0.4 Mr. Hughes and Mr. Castle try hard to re-create a kind of timeless, idealized comic-strip atmosphere, but except for the performances of Lea Thompson and Robert Stanton... nobody in the movie seems in touch with the nature of the comedy.
0.0 Why, oh dear lord, why?!?
0.4 How to turn an innocuous comic strip into an obnoxious movie.
0.2 A movie that makes you leave the theatre with thoughts of having yourself, and your neighbors, spayed is not a good thing.
0.625 Those good qualities are undermined, unfortunately, by the Switchblade Sam character, who is dirty, threatening and scary.
0.5 Most children will get a kick out of it, although adults roped into accompanying their offspring may find themselves yearning to escape through the nearest exit.
0.6 Offbeat live-action/animation mix with lots of drinking.
0.5 The animation is much the best part of Pete's Dragon, a film not surfeited with great & timeless elements.
0.2 A horrid assault on the senses.
0.4 Another not very charming but harmless fusion of animation and good old real-life.
0.5 In the overall realm of Disney magic, Pete's Dragon is a card trick rather than a grand illusion.
0.6 As a testament to its founder's legacy, this is still somewhat lesser Disney. But when viewed in combination for what passes as House of Mouse merriment today ...it's utterly brilliant.
0.5 The film lacks the emotional complexity and classic status of previous Disney films.
0.6 Average Disney, a disappointment if you expect another 'Mary Poppins.'
0.6 You don't often see children's musicals as ambitious as this one any more.
0.0 This movie sucked so bad, I even hated it as a kid.
0.6 A Touching, humourous, and ultimately warm family film.
1.0 It takes pause to recognize the collective good nature we owe to one another all year round, and pays that knowledge forward with charm and wistfulness.
0.875 [A] richly remembered tale of Christmas past.
0.8 This witty, insightful, hugely enjoyable movie is riven with glorious home truths and a merciful lack of saccharin.
1.0 Wonderful antidote to saccharine holiday tales.
0.875 This great heartwarming comedy from the director of Porky's was a flop during its theatrical run, but, like It's a Wonderful Life, has become a staple on cable during the holiday season.
0.875 If you're a fan of Christmas movies or films that use nostalgia as a driver, A Christmas Story cannot be missed. Then again, if you're in either category, you have probably already seen it.
0.9 Funny, touching and unabashedly nostalgic. A true classic.
1.0 A great Hollywood classic!
0.875 [It has] emerged over the past two decades as second only to It's a Wonderful Life as the definitive Christmas flick.
1.0 ...sharp, insightful observations, a careful attention to period detail, and, most of all, a gentle good humor.
1.0 It's so sweet but it has the cynical heart of pre-WWII America.
1.0 The laughs are nonstop if rarely subtle, and the whole thing deserves to become a Christmastime classic.
1.0 Maybe the best Christmas movie ever made!
1.0 My family watches it every Christmas. My sons tell me I'm getting to be more like the old man with each passing year.
1.0 Few Christmas films are funnier.
0.8 Sentimental without being nauseating, subversive without losing its heart, and a justly celebrated holiday classic.
1.0 There's a reason they run this for 24 hours every December -- it really is that good, maybe the best Christmas movie ever.
1.0 A classic.
0.8 Funny, charming, and built around a classic Darren McGavin performance
1.0 A Christmas classic to be enjoyed over and over - just don't put your eye out.
1.0 Sweet, funny and loaded with warm nostalgia.
0.75 There is a real knowledge of human nature beneath the comedy.
0.8 kid's eye view of family life and Christmas
0.5 The script's lack of subtlety and effective wit makes for an increasingly tiring experience.
0.9 A comfortable, homey movie.
0.85 A delightful movie.
0.6 Enjoyable talking animal movie has some bathroom humor.
0.6 Shrek Forever After is a very mediocre affair, with crummy 3D and a real lack of laughs.
0.625 "Shrek Forever After" feels more like a direct-to-video release than one that should have been put in theaters.
0.8 Shrek Forever After is a fairy tale ending for the series.
0.6 Shrek Forever After is the latest in a long, mediocre tradition. What charms it does have can't really compete with the charms it doesn't have.
0.6 DreamWorks and the unlovable ogre lose the plot.
0.6 Reveals an urge by the filmmakers to wipe the slate clean, as large an admission that the series is out of ideas as one could get. That said, all involved do try to make the most of it.
0.6 ...sweet and gentle, and the conclusion, while expected, carries a good deal of touching sentiment.
0.6 It's sweet, mildly funny, and a pleasant enough farewell from these once beloved characters. But there's a somewhat melancholy tone to the proceedings, as we watch this franchise try to hold onto its final shreds of dignity.
0.5 full review at Movies for the Masses
0.6 Interestingly, ...Forever After's biggest influence appears not to be fairy tales this time, but rather the Back To The Future series.
0.8 The movie is a family drama about the family drama, so on every available level it works a treat.
0.6 It's a neat enough way of closing the book -- and one hopes it is closed now.
0.7 Has a warm, engaging tone that draws us into the dramatic possibilities rather than the comical ones
0.6 It isn't quite as witty or inventive as you might have hoped but if it is the last film in the series then it offers an honourable conclusion to a wonderful decade of family entertainment.
0.6 An improvement over the last film...
0.6 I admit my gentle, feelgood buzz on leaving the cinema was rather premised on the assumption that the Shrek-pipeline is now empty, but it's an enjoyable film nonetheless and a nice way for the series to finish.
0.4 Shrek Forever After is an amiable but underpowered conclusion to a franchise that ran out of comic ideas six years ago. It is time to lay this ogre to rest.
0.6 If we all loved the first film, enjoyed the second and were disappointed by the third, this fourth and final entry ends the Shrek series on a satisfying high note.
0.6 While it will have to settle for being the second best sequel of the franchise, Shrek's last outing ultimately reminds you of why we fell in love with these characters in the first place.
0.6 Now is the time for DreamWorks to return to the drawing board; to use this $2.5 billion series to invest in something as thrilling and adventurous as the original Shrek.
0.6 The film is engaging enough, due to a narrative gimmick that makes the old ground new again.
0.6 This fourth ogre outing delivers plenty of 3D razzle dazzle and has fun messing about with its alternate-reality storyline, but it never troubles the modernclassic status achieved by the first Shrek. Still, a chunky step up from Shrek The Third.
0.6 Much better than its predecessor, but not a patch on the original, Shrek Forever After would be a respectable point for the irritable ogre's tale to come to an end.
0.6 An entertaining conclusion to the franchise -- one that parents should happily endure. But let's hope that's all, folks.
0.8 DreamWorks could be entering a period of fresh creativity. With How To Train Your Dragon and a balanced, darker-hued and very funny Shrek finale, they've found the magic again.
0.8 Impressively directed and superbly animated, this is a clever reworking of It's A Wonderful Life that manages to freshen up the franchise, allowing for a much darker tone and a subtle revamping of all the characters...
0.2 There's no life to the film, no spark, and more importantly no real reason for this fourth outing to have ever been made.
0.6 A welcome relief. However, it is still far, far away from the heights of the first two installments.
0.55 If anything, it's much better than the third chapter.
0.625 It's not as engaging as the original, but a nice step up from the disappointing third installment.
0.7 As far as blatant milking of cash-cows go, it retains much of the heart and charm of the franchise, if not the cracking humour.
0.8 DreamWorks could be entering a period of fresh creativity. With How To Train Your Dragon and a balanced, darker-hued and very funny Shrek finale, they've found the magic again.
0.6 The Shrek franchise is a hugely enjoyable one, with funny characters and a knowing way with mocking fairy-tales and popular culture.
0.4 Third times are rarely charms in the movies, much less fourth go-rounds, and it takes more than ho-hum 3D and video-game-ready action sequences to liven up diminishing returns.
0.6 Shrek Forever After feels tired, but is lifted by the usual slew of wisecracks and pop culture references. The use of 3-D, while not revelatory, is apt, and adds another layer of appeal to the film's action.
0.6 A rise in quality from the very pedestrian Shrek the Third.
0.6 Shrek 4 shows all the signs of mortuus equus syndrome -- as in, flogging the horse which is not just sleeping.
0.6 All in all, it's not the spectacular send-off Shrek deserves but, as a way to get out, it's not too shabby either.
0.8 What's been achieved here is still highly hilarious. The original concepts are that solid.
0.75 The key, as Fiona points out, is to know when you have everything, and be grateful. It's a worthy conclusion to the tale. We can all live happily ever after.
0.75 This "final chapter" doesn't try too hard %u2014 save for the finale %u2014 to become an after-school special, the way the dreadfully dull Shrek the Third did.
0.625 doesn't do anything the previous installments hadn't already done for better or for worse
0.75 The weaknesses of the picture suggest that there really isn't anywhere else to go beyond this, but as long as they stop now, the series can always be remembered as a pleasurable one.
0.5 It's a Shrek-derful Midlife Crisis
0.625 All the edge, all the wit, all the refreshing originality that made the earlier films in the franchise so enjoyable have been all but drained from the swamp this go round.
0.625 The winking nonstop pop-culture references are as annoying as ever, but the witch army is cool, and there's no denying that Donkey, Puss in Boots, the Gingerbread Man, Pinocchio and the other supporting characters are pretty funny.
0.375 It cuts back on the rapid-fire pop culture references that dominate the other films to focus on the story, but unfortunately, the story isn't all that interesting.
0.625 This is one grim fairy tale.
0.5 Time for Shrek to stay far, far away.
0.6 I got three solid laughs and one chuckle out of the whole thing. There is something wrong with that.
0.5 Not as bad as number three but not as good as one and two.
0.25 A dumbed-down ripoff strictly for the tyke demographic too young to notice that the flick's a thinly-veiled retread.
0.75 After the original spoof of fairy tales and Disney fare, it's taken three sequels to finally get one right. Now please stop.
1.0 The deepest, richest, most entertaining and the most "real" characters in movies aren't real people.
0.5 The fairy tale that has charmed adults and children is now in its fourth, and possibly final, installment.
0.875 Reminds us why we fell in love with these characters, while also finding different ways for them to interact in a new adventure.
0.8 After seeing 'Shrek the Third' I thought I was done with this movies. I thought wrong. They brought back the story. And now they can put the series to bed, happily ever after.
0.5 [Its] primary function will be to serve as a babysitter once it hits DVD.
0.582 Somewhat clever, heartfelt and much darker than its predecessors, but it's ultimately forgettable and not nearly as diverting as it could have been for kids and adults simultaneously.
0.5 [It] may not be especially funny; it may not have any tremendously compelling reason to exist... but by God, it's not as dispiriting as Shrek the Third.
0.6 Shrek Forever After is not that bad. That's what we've come to... evaluating a multi-million dollar summer tent-pole release as 'not that bad.'
0.8 You don't have to be a second coming of Albert Einstein to figure out how it will all end, but that doesn't stop Shrek Forever After from having a tremendous amount of heart.
0.6 Fiona's fierce, Shrek's lovable in still-funny 4th movie.
0.625 It's no classic, but Shrek Forever After is a pleasant reminder that every time a cash register rings, this ogre turns angelic.
0.5 It feels narratively overcooked and comically undernourished, a pale shadow of the earlier entries.
0.6 This latest episode may be agreeably snappy and snarky -- improving considerably on 2007's stale Shrek the Third -- but it's also evidence the series is out of ideas.
0.625 Shrek Forever After wanders far, far away from the infectious and propulsive zing that we've come to expect over the past nine years.
0.75 The shout line on the Shrek Forever After poster says it best: It ain't ogre till it's ogre.
0.75 Directed with zest by Mike Mitchell (from a script by Josh Klausner and Darren Lemke) and shot in 3D, this final Shrek sequel has plenty of verve.
0.9 Director Mike Mitchell and screenwriters Josh Klausner and Darren Lemke, all relatively new to the franchise, manage to lead the winning returning cast in a fresh direction.
0.55 Do we really need a movie about SHREK's midlife crisis? Really?
0.5 Forever After feels like a tired yank on the udders of a cash cow that's nearly dry.
0.625 Shrek still mopes around too much. But he recovers nicely with a good bit of help from his friends, Donkey and Puss, as fine a pair of sidekicks as filmdom has produced.
0.6 Mr. Murphy's toothy, shifty-eyed Donkey who distills the series' attitude of cheerfully curdled hipness. In his eternal upbeat cheekiness, he is a creation to rival Peter Pan.
0.5 Even though Forever After is not as fresh-seeming as its predecessors, it provides passable entertainment, especially for the kids who won't be familiar with the George Bailey storyline retread -- or midlife crises, for that matter.
0.75 Shrek's "It's A Wonderful Life," plus lots of action and Donkey teeth in 3-D.
0.75 Let Shrek Forever After be the final Shrek chapter so the franchise can end on a reasonably high note.
0.625 "Shrek Forever After" lacks the charm and freshness of the original. It does entertain, though, because of its winning recipe of popular characters, humor and storytelling.
0.8 Where Shrek the Third got a bit green around the gills, this latest take, puffed up in 3D and defibrillated back to life with a snappy story, makes for some monstrously good fun.
0.5 "It's mildly entertaining, infused with the pleasant nostalgia you experience visiting friends you only get to see every few years. ... But the laughs aren't there anymore."
0.4 This is nothing more than a tired and creatively bankrupt attempt to further stretch out a property that never should have turned into a franchise in the first place.
0.625 The fourth Shrek runs out of steam from the start, cribbing from its predecessors in a last desperate attempt to evoke some of that old magic.
0.5 If you had a tough time getting through Shrek the Third, you'll probably have an even tougher time with Shrek Forever After. Oh, but it's in 3-D. That should make things pop, but it didn't make much of an impression, sort of like the rest of the animati
0.6 ...for once, the creators of this creaky series try something new and fresh.
0.875 They ought to be happy they found a way to go out on top with a good movie. Please don't follow through with the idea of doing a 5th Shrek movie.
0.75 After a disappointing third outing, this Shrek brings the cycle of fairy-tale-themed films to a fine finish.
0.5 Benjamin Franklin once said, "Fish and guests stink after three days." The same could be said of movie franchises that overstay their welcome. With Shrek Forever After, the magic is gone but at least the heart is back.
0.25 After the frantic spurt of fairy-tale allusions and jokes in the first three Shreks, this one inches along with a few mostly pointless action scenes and the occasional mild pun.
0.875 Fresh, funny and, for once, a sequel worthy of summer blockbuster status.
0.75 A sunny, sweet and satisfying animated comedy.
0.6 Shrek Forever After is an improvement on the third film but misses that comedic balance that the first two films delivered.
0.75 For once ... I hope the filmmakers haven't ruled out another sequel. As Shrek Forever After proves, there's life in the big green guy yet.
0.625 What saves Shrek Forever After from utter mediocrity isn't its high-priced superstar voice talent but veteran animator Dohrn, who steals the show by making Rumplestilskin the best oily runt since Danny DeVito last dispatched a taxi.
0.6 Fanciful and, hopefully, franchise-concluding, it should have a long and prosperous life on dvd.
0.6 You've seen Shrek and it was good. If you want to know what Shrek would be like if it wasn't good, then see Shrek Forever After.
0.625 The series exits (hopefully) on the right note. It's not because it comes close to the achievement of the first two films ... but because it gets out before we turn from amused detachment to fed-up annoyance.
0.625 So fear not, "Shrek Forever After" is not a S-wreck. But unfortunately it's not S-great, either.
0.8 The magic is back
0.625 It now requires nothing less than the retroactive destruction of Shreka(TM)s idyllic family life to inject some necessary conflict back into the franchise. If you cana(TM)t fix something that isna(TM)t broke, your only recourse is to break it.
0.625 In the fourth and ostensibly final installment, Shrek and company still have some appeal, but the energy is lacking and the fun feels forced.
0.5 Having seen Shrek Forever After only four days ago, it has already begun to slowly fade from memory, whereas the original remains fresh in my mind, as if it were just viewed yesterday. What does that tell you?
0.625 It's the characters that pull us in when familiarity flatlines our interest.
1.0 ... that rare sequel that actually tops the original ...
0.75 Shrek Forever After ends (presumably) the Shrek saga on an up note, thanks to a fresh take on a classic plot twist.
0.5 With the exception of the third film, this is the least funny of the bunch.
0.5 Shrek Forever After is being billed as the last of four big-screen romps featuring the lovable slime-green ogre with the cheesy Scottish accent. And to see this final installment is to know: It's time.
0.5 The magic is gone. Like its watermelon-headed hero, Shrek Forever After has the midlife blahs.
0.75 As It's a Wonderful Life knock-offs go, this one isn't half-bad.
0.6 For the most part the screenwriters never lose sight of the moral of this story: Whatever else gets tossed into the mix, Shrek must be the heart and soul. In this, Myers is a master; he makes it seem easy being green.
0.625 All of this would be extremely irritating, and easy to dismiss as cynical manipulation of the moviegoing public -- except for the fact that even recycled Shrek is still pretty funny, and that kids will thoroughly enjoy it.
0.4 The kind of commercially mandated, creatively bankrupt effort that makes you realize why so many animated sequels go straight to DVD.
0.625 The quick wit and multitiered pop-culture referencing that made the inaugural Shrek so much fun doesn't feel so quick or multi almost a decade down the line.
0.6 A delightful animated portrait of Shrek's mid-life crisis and his struggle to find a way to savor the ordinary rhythms of marriage and parenting.
0.6 The novelty may have worn off, but Shrek Forever After gets better as it goes along, and it has its moments.
0.6 People will complain about what Shrek Forever After lacks in comparison to the other three installments, but I will take a drastic reduction in fart jokes and bad puns in favor of some heart any day of the week.
0.75 ...as fun and witty as its predecessors, but the movie has a completely different reason for being.
0.3 The Shrek franchise has officially gone green: Forever After is made from entirely recycled material, and it smells to high heaven.
0.25 If the screaming kids in the theater don't get to you, then the not-too-jolly green ogre's three burping, farting, and also screaming offspring will...
0.5 Forever After isn't as jumbled and irritating as 2007's Shrek the Third, but it's still decidedly pointless.
0.6 The fourth -- and allegedly final -- installment of the 'Shrek' franchise is an improvement over the third, but it won't make us clamor for a fifth.
0.5 Dreamworks seems bored with the ogre who laid the golden egg.
0.5 Shrek the Third made more than $322 million. Why kill the goose that laid the golden egg? Because it's time.
0.4 Third times are rarely charms in the movies, much less fourth go-rounds, and it takes more than ho-hum 3-D and video-game-ready action sequences to liven up diminishing returns.
0.75 The first summer movie thus far to deliver on its promise to put on a good show.
0.8 Happily, it's a move that revives our aging ogre, and renews his flagging franchise.
0.875 You can see the ending, and even the fantastically corny final line coming the whole time, but when they finally do they still hit hard.
0.5 Shrek Forever After isn't offensive, just innocuous and unnecessary, a supposed final chapter to a series that should have ended two installments ago.
0.9 Shrek is without question the funniest film of the year-at least so far.
0.5 Good enough for the kiddies, but grown-ups may find Part 4 little more than a hollow echo of the original Shrek.
0.8 A sharp, even amusing, homage to comic book lore, a great family-friendly action-comedy, and a thoughtful marital drama all wrapped up in a deliciously exciting package.
0.8 As the kids discover their powers and this family hovers between super and dysfunctional, "The Incredibles" finds its voice . . . and it speaks to families everywhere.
1.0 Incredible and action-packed fun for the entire family.
0.9 Assembled with an intense amount of care and love so that every cut, every sound, every movement, builds to a euphonious whole.
0.625 ...far from engrossing...
1.0 Wonderful stuff.
1.0 It re-animates the thrill, not just the nostalgia, of old-school comic books and pulp adventure.
1.0 In a word: Incredible.
0.9 A movie that demonstrates once again why the studio continues to leave competing product from the likes of Disney and DreamWorks in the dust.
0.8 ...the real secret to Pixar's greatness lies not in the animation, but in their wonderful choice of stories that appeal to both children and parents.
0.9 The Incredibles shows once and for all what was right in front of our noses all along, that Pixar is not an animation studio but a movie studio. And not just a movie studio, but the best movie studio.
0.8 Brad Bird strays from the Pixar formula but still delivers enough colour and thrills to keep the faithful happy.
0.875 Luckily, the genre has not submerged completely and, with the help of films like "The Incredibles", hope for a solid future is within the audience's grasp.
1.0 'Divertida, honesta y extremadamente inteligente, es un claro ejemplo del nivel de arte que puede llegar a alcanzar el cine. Sencillamente inolvidable'
1.0 Remember about four months back when almost every movie critic on the planet was proclaiming Spider-Man 2 The Best Superhero Movie Ever Made? Yeah, well they were all wrong.
0.8 The Incredibles has humor, thrills, and adventure, but most of all it has heart.
0.8 [It] goes beyond the pretty visuals and the slam-bam action to get us under the skin of a family trying hard to be something they're not.
0.8 Los Increibles es lo mas parecido que vas a poder encontrar a una montana rusa (...)
1.0 E ironico que alguns dos personagens mais complexos do ano tenham surgido nao em uma producao estrelada por atores de carne-e-osso, mas sim por figuras criadas em computador.
0.875 One of these days, Pixar is going to take a misstep, but now is not the time.
1.0 Kids will love it and want to see it again and again. Adults . . . probably will too.
0.625 A masterfully crafted entertainment that devolves into an overlong, overly loud, and disappointingly stock shoot 'em up.
0.8 Stunningly animated, if somewhat derivative, story of an ordinary, extraordinary family.
0.75 ... a terrific, smart and thoroughly engaging family film.
0.6 Had the picture been written half as well as it was drawn, I suspect it would have proven at the very least twice as super.
1.0 When it comes to animation, it doesn't get any better than this.
1.0 Flies high above the crowd for its worldly wit and compassion for humankind.
0.6 What is incredible in The Incredibles is the computer imaging.
0.8 Original adventures such as The Incredibles are the ones that will have families watching them over and over and over again, over the years.
1.0 Brad Bird has crafted a sleek and original homage to the derring-do of our most cherished superheroes.
0.5 An unfortunate use of Pixar magic to tell a tired story in a typical world.
0.875 A film so miraculous and so far above its competitors that the Academy Award for Animated Feature Film is no longer a contest.
1.0 Est immediatement devenu mon film de Pixar favori.
1.0 This remarkably entertaining and meaty motion picture is all eye candy and goofy entertainment for children, but underneath lies a biting denunciation on a number of contemporary topics.
0.9 A hilariously fun romp through the everyday lives of comic-book superheroes.
0.875 It's a great and memorable romp that will leave your family feeling super.
0.8 A family-friendly rallying cry against conformity, far more daring than the tastelessness that passes for daring in Team America, but undercut by excessive length.
0.875 The Incredibles, for all its kid-friendly sops, feels like one of the most mature movies currently gracing theaters.
0.75 Gorgeously designed and animated.
0.15 Since it's too much a crowd-pleaser to be critical of the violent payoff that it delivers, it's tough not to take its apparent message seriously.
0.7 Pixar does it again with a comedy/action film about a family of superheroes. The writing is the real attraction. THE INCREDIBLES is subversive, heart-warming, and fun.
0.8 It is trite to say, but the only word to describe this movie is INCREDIBLE!
1.0 Wild, wondrous and utterly disarming ... sweet but never saccharine, freed from the shackles of postmodern irony and cleverness for its own sake.
0.75 The Incredibles isn't. It's a good movie, but it isn't the incredible type of picture we've come to expect from Pixar.
0.75 The show itself runs a little long for an animated feature but finishes in a flurry of special effects that left me dumbfounded. Don't miss it folks.
0.8 Overflows with slapstick and more gentle strains of humor, while a core of genuine emotion that is nothing if not ambitiously nuanced resonates throughout a script.
1.0 Pixar Animation spends an entire year on each of their mammoth productions on the scripts alone. Could this explain why their movies are consistently clever and entertaining?
0.875 As one who's ingested a lot of superhero comics, books, and movies over the years, I can attest that this works as a genuine superhero movie, not just as a family film.
0.875 Outrageously funny and imaginative...the latest thumping thrill ride in the animation genre. A snappy and smart superhero saga that's intriguingly charming in its chaotic mode
1.0 ... the greatest superhero film ever.
0.7 A fun story with some creative characters and plenty of Pixar wit.
0.9 It would be an incredible mistake to miss this film!
0.875 Exemplary mixture of top-notch storytelling, visual razzle-dazzle, accessible humor, and involving action.
0.8 As a collegue told me...it'll do disapointing box office...only about half a billion.....See it.
1.0 Pixar. How do they do it? From the studio that bought you Toy Story, A Bug's Life, Toy Story 2, Monsters, Inc and Finding Nemo comes another blooming masterpiece.
1.0 The dream team of Brad Bird and John Lasseter looks poised to defend family entertainment against mediocrity through what we can only hope will be a long-running franchise.
1.0 Just when you thought you could peg a Pixar film... comes this new feature which takes those elements in a wholly unexpected direction.
0.75 Boundlessly enjoyable, extravagant to look at, and a frequent adrenaline rush.
0.9 I had a heck of a time...I guarantee that money spent here is money spent wisely.
1.0 By far the best of the CGI-animated films in the Disney canon, a wondrous and exciting spectacle that is just as enticing narratively as it is visually.
0.9 [A] brilliantly animated, cleverly written family adventure.
0.9 If you like Pixar or comic book movies, then The Incredibles is required viewing for you.
0.875 Even escapist entertainment this clinically zip-bam-wow should soothe your political burnout.
1.0 Deliriously funny and exciting.
0.875 A brilliant satire on modern American life.
1.0 Not only does 'The Incredibles' advance the art of animation, it takes the genre out of the ballpark.
0.7 Brad Bird's richly imagined, retro-moderne homage to the superhero-fueled daydreams of his youth creates a vibrantly original mythology.
0.8 Families will flock to and enjoy this movie, but it's likely only adults will really get it.
1.0 The best 3-D animated extravaganza since Monsters, Inc.
0.75 The Incredibles, the latest animated wonder from Emeryville's Pixar Animation Studios, will intrigue adults as well as 7-year-olds. In fact, the adults might be more intrigued.
0.75 A real banshee of zip and zoom (and often terrific design), The Incredibles takes off excitingly whenever it moves fast.
0.875 An exceptional film in many ways.
0.9 A visual stunner.
0.875 A genuine laugh riot.
0.6 A spirited state-of-the-art riff on vintage James Bond movies and the superhero ethos of the 1950s and '60s.
1.0 A visually thrilling experience.
0.875 An astonishingly smart satire of superheroes, James Bond movies and, just for fun, socially engineered mediocrity.
0.7 It's witty, clever and pushes the technical limits of computer animation but it's as much an imitator as it is an innovator.
0.7 Like the little boy in The Incredibles who hangs around, slack-jawed, just to see what his superhero neighbours will do next, kids can't seem to get enough of this hyperactive carry-on.
0.75 The Incredibles is so jammed with entertainment that, at two hours, it's almost too much.
0.75 Not only is this a rollicking cartoon joy ride for all the little Olivias and Spencers in your life -- it's a solid film in its own right.
0.875 Pixar's movies may be completely digital, but each one beats with a human heart.
0.75 Another hip-but- wholesome animated family comedy from Hollywood superhero Pixar.
1.0 In addition to being riotously funny, The Incredibles is also extremely exciting.
0.75 The Incredibles is a zippy, visually powerful riff on what happens when a hero feels like a zero.
0.875 Bird has made a traditional action movie full of chases, crashes and stunt work.
0.875 An emotionally resonant, inventively hilarious movie that, oddly, may be its most family-friendly yet.
1.0 Bottom line, The Incredibles has some great funny moments, but it also tells a decent story - and that's the catch when making any kind of movie.
1.0 One of the year's most visually dazzling and emotionally satisfying adventures.
0.875 Here's another example of Pixar's mastery of popular animation.
1.0 A departure for Pixar: longer and a bit grittier ... and created by someone outside the Pixar family. ... But the movie's central elements are pure Pixar.
1.0 Like Elastigirl, Pixar shows it can be pulled in many directions and snap back into shape, invariably vanquishing any challenger that stands in the way.
1.0 A visual feast, a funny, entertaining thrill ride that's the best creation yet from the animation juggernaut better known as Pixar.
0.9 The Incredibles is the finest of Pixar combined with the best parts of Spider-Man, Superman and Batman...plus it's pretty damn funny too.
1.0 certainly the animated movie of the year and, for my money, one of the best times you'll have at the movies all year.
0.7 The funny stuff outweighs the slower parts - it mostly delivers super hero entertainment.
1.0 Visual wonders are just a mind-blowing bonus in a film which uses character-driven hero stories to make something incredibly smart.
0.875 The film proves there are auteurs even within the army-of-collaborators medium that is big-budget animation.
0.75 I can't shake the notion that The Incredibles may not be all it might have been. It stomps all the expected bases instead of streaking by with daring innovation.
0.7 Succeeds not only as a straight-forward action picture with suspense and excitement, but also as a touching and funny story about the importance of family and individuality.
1.0 Wow. I mean, really -- Wow!
1.0 Funny and frantic? Sure -- but The Incredibles is also one of the greatest adventures the movies have given us.
0.875 Brace yourself for something more sophisticated and ... adult. The Incredibles is not cut from the same touchy-feely ... mold as Toy Story, Monsters Inc. or Finding Nemo.
1.0 Amazing, amusing action-adventure.
1.0 The Incredibles is the coolest movie ever made. It rolls Marvel Comics, James Bond and Jonny Quest into the ultimate Saturday morning cartoon sugar buzz.
1.0 I sincerely hope that there's an Incredibles 2 somewhere down the road. These characters are too endearing and way too much fun to be left hanging at the end.
1.0 Simply put, The Incredibles is!
1.0 A brilliant blend of fast-paced comedy, dazzling visuals and heartfelt emotion that put most other contemporary films-animated or otherwise-to shame...
1.0 Pardon me for the Joel Siegel moment, but it's all pretty fricking incredible.
1.0 [An] unprecedented film that is not just a grand feature-length cartoon but a grand feature.
0.8 It's hard to imagine anyone not being utterly enthralled by the timeless charms and dazzling animation prowess of The Incredibles.
0.8 A laugh-out-loud funny, adrenaline-fueled romp.
0.75 Pixar has delivered its first pure action picture, while still managing not to lose sight of its preoccupation with family.
1.0 A movie with the sweet soul of Toy Story and the boisterous spirit of Spy Kids.
0.75 A fun-filled foray into animated action, fantasy and adventure.
0.8 Pixar's new animated action-comedy, about a superhero family stuck in middle-class suburban exile, comes tantalizingly close to greatness.
0.875 A computer-generated animated adventure about retired superheroes, blends action, humor and even a touch of earnest emotion into a dazzling visual package.
0.75 Sharper and smarter than any animation since Shrek 2.
1.0 Phenomenal, magnificent, exuberantly entertaining, and just about any other positive adjective you can think of.
0.875 The Incredibles eventually captures all the right emotional beats, thumping superhero action and poignant moments to make the film, well, almost incredible.
0.875 Incredibles has the hip style and flash of '60s action entertainment, complete with a jazzy score.
0.75 It's not as catchy a title, but The Incredibles is more like The Really Goods.
0.875 The expressions on the characters' faces are so nuanced and complex you feel like you're watching actual people.
0.875 Filled with the kind of funny detail that has become a Pixar trademark.
0.7 The studio's best-ever work with humanoid forms.
0.875 Everything works in this movie.
0.875 It is not merely amazing -- it reflects an imagination just as elaborate as the technology it employs.
0.875 A vivid, sublime parody and valentine to the superhero genre.
0.4 The Incredibles promotes a new moral slogan for our times: The family that fights evil-doers together stays together.
1.0 There is more unexpectedly moving, palpable, identifiable jeopardy and danger for these animated characters than in much of the recent low-rate live-action superhero junk.
0.95 Pixar's track record is Incredible! Yet another great film for kids and adults alike!
1.0 Imaginative, good-versus-evil escapist adventure that will delight both adults and children. A movie that really lives up to its name.
1.0 The Incredibles is awesome, so get ready for a good time. Even the geeks are going to like it!
0.875 While delivering the goods as a rip-roaring action-adventure and in the process rocketing the art of animation to new heights of imagination, humor and wonder, director-writer Brad Bird has crafted a film that breaks fresh ground and defies fogy rules.
0.75 The animation is as lush and colorful as usual, and a lock for an Oscar nomination for best animated film is as much of a lock as a scorching Arizona summer.
1.0 as stylish as Sky Captain and the World of Tomorrow but with more depth, and as giddy as Toy Story but with more of a soul
0.875 it's difficult to imagine anyone who won't be thoroughly entertained by this terrific family adventure.
0.625 [Pixar's] first feature to lack the winsome pizzaz that makes for mandatory repeat viewing...(but will still) entertain enough to justify the price of a movie ticket.
1.0 Every great movement begins with one glorious bound...over tall buildings or otherwise.
0.75 From first frame to last the effects are flawlessly detailed and the design fabulously executed.
1.0 Strong story and animation, excellent dialogue, interesting pace dynamics, action, love, and some pretty potent thought nuggets -- this is entertainment!
0.78 still indicative of a genre in its infancy, nowhere near as steadfastly classic as the cream of the cell-animated crop. Brilliant stuff, but not outstanding.
0.875 An epic battle between conformity and exceptionality in The Incredibles, which will be catnip for superhero buffs and a great time at the movies for everyone else.
1.0 Incredible by name and incredible by nature -- brilliantly acted, wonderfully animated and hysterically funny throughout, this is one of the best films of the year. Unmissable.
0.6 Despite first-rate CGI animation and some clever atomic 50s-style art direction, [it] commits the worst cinematic sin of all, it's tepid.
1.0 La mejor cinta de animacion 3D jamas realizada.
0.9 The "comics" of the 21st century--in the fullest sense of the term. If you don't love it I've got a nice flat for you on Mars. Meanwhile, there's a new bonanza on the block.
1.0 So full of heart and soul that you can actually feel it becoming a classic while you're watching it.
0.75 The Incredibles may fight to save the world, but they teach us to know thyself.
1.0 A compelling classic nature story.
0.2 That assertion that it's made for kids and therefore due for a "break" makes no freaking sense to me. Children deserve better than this garbage.
