0.875 Still Bill is about a man who topped the charts, walked away from it all in 1985 and is pleased that he did.
0.895 A captivating, insightful, revealing and surprisingly moving documentary.
0.6 Much of the biographical documentary Still Bill, about the singer Bill Withers, is pleasant and even moving.
1.0 This dark operatic movie looks like Burton meant every bit of it, that he shared this story's longing for death and night and blood.
0.6 This is grand-scale studio-work at its most beguiling.
1.0 This magnificently realized musical from Stephen Sondheim contains the right blend of emotional pathos, stunning visuals and accessible songs.
0.6 It's gross but will it gross? Burton and Depp's cannibal musical is an especially acquired taste - Oliver! reimagined by Eli Roth. Brave, brutal... ballads?
0.7 Sweeney Todd may just be that rare musical with broad appeal to audiences who might normally say they don't care for the genre.
0.5 Sweeney Todd is a throat-slasher of a motion picture. It creates a new genre -- the slasher musical. Adapted from the Tony-winning Broadway musical by Stephen Sondheim, it's the tuneful tale of cutthroat's revenge.
1.0 [Burton's] vision of a dark and smoggy nineteenth century London, with muted colors, is perfect for the music and the story.
0.9 Depp's staggering performance perfectly merges the story's humour, horror and romance into a serious punch to the gut.
0.9 One of the best movies of his career.
0.8 Burton was born to film this strange and spooky chamber piece.
0.75 In all honesty, neither Depp nor Carter possess stage-quality voices. Instead, both muster emotional performances that sell the parts without selling the music.
0.6 There is much to like in Burton's Sweeney Todd and much not to like, a rather hit-and-miss affair.
1.0 Burton's juxtaposition of the musical numbers with horror is pretty much as entertaining as the medium of film can get.
0.7 In addition to branding Sweeney Todd with his signature look, Burton successfully takes advantage of the medium of film in his adaptation the musical.
1.0 I cannot wait to go see this film again and I really want to buy the soundtrack.
0.875 The movie belongs to Depp and Bonham Carter, who dance slowly and seductively against the backdrop of Burton's London until it's time to paint the town red.
1.0 Sweeney Todd ranks among this year's most intense, haunting, and startling films; the fact that it also features great songs by Stephen Sondheim is just gravy on the meat pie.
0.81 Burton took on a risky proposition when he chose to bring Sweeney Todd to the screen. While the result doesn't knock my socks off, it's plenty good enough to report that the risk paid off.
0.875 We all knew Johnny Depp could act. The brilliantly imagined Sweeney Todd shows he can sing, too.
0.7 The difference here is that film audiences are used to blood. So some of the chilling effect is lost...
0.6 Sweeney Todd: The Demon Barber of Fleet Street is a dark and terrifying love story, as much a horror film as a musical extravaganza.
1.0 Tim Burton delivers his best film yet.
0.5 I was bored out of my skull during many a scene in this film, and wouldn't dare recommend it to anyone who, like me, doesn't like old fashioned musicals.
0.9 Musical-haters don't have to endure glorious kicklines (Hairspray) and opera lovers can focus on the leads' close-ups. If someone sees the movie and then goes to see a stage production, the enormity of this play will blow their brains open.
0.4 Un musical soporifero y sangriento que parecia ideal para la macabra imaginacion de Tim Burton, pero que resulta una verdadera decepcion.
0.7 H panemorfi apeikonisi toy heiroteroy Londinoy tis istorias toy ap' ton Tim Burton, ap' to ena mati mpainei ki ap' to allo bgainei, prosferontas mpoliki ikanopoiisi tin ora poy ksediplonetai, alla elahista na pareis mazi soy ekso ap' tin aithoysa.
0.8 Resume perfeitamente as principais qualidades e os maiores defeitos de Tim Burton.
0.5 Tim Burton takes his trademarks and destroys one of theater's great musicals.
0.9 With a great supporting cast and some killer (pardon the pun) musical numbers, this is award winning stuff.
0.6 Burton's best film since Ed Wood will come in handy for anyone in need of something for the weekend.
0.8 Gruesomely satisfying, fans of both Burton and Sondheim are equally liable to be pleased with this marvelous meeting of minds. If the film sags a little at times, its technical prowess and superlative cast ensure we don't dwell on this for too long.
0.8 A grimy concoction from Hell's own kitchen, laced with black humour and seasoned with hauntingly beautiful music. Tuck in.
0.666666666667 A thoughtful, sincere and moving film, buttressed by a fine, central performance by an actor at the top of his form.
0.5 This is grand-scale studio-work at its most beguiling.
1.0 In his sixth collaboration with Burton, Depp delivers a stunning performance that combines horror, black comedy and genuine heartache, like an evil version of Edward Scissorhands -- he deservedly received an Oscar nomination earlier this week.
0.8 Whether horror fans are ready for high-notes or musical buffs will appreciate Dario Argento levels of gore is an open question, but this is a rich, demented experience.
0.7 Deserves kudos for attempting to bring a cerebral and extremely violent story, told almost entirely in song, to the multiplex masses. It's just a shame that, ironically, there's little humanity beneath Sweeney Todd's sumptuous outer pastry.
0.7 It may be too much for some, but for those who can appreciate the tastefully tasteless, it's a feverish jolt to the senses to see such beautiful music and pathos paired with such horrid images.
1.0 One of the years best films, musical or otherwise.
0.8 Tim Burton's morbid imagination is a good match for Stephen Sondheim's noir guignol operetta...
0.8 Movie is darker, much bloodier than stage musical.
1.0 Did I mention lately how very much I love Tim Burton's brain? Few could have taken, would have dared to take, a musical stage play of this depth and managed to make it into such a beautiful film. Burton and his gang have though. Read On->
0.75 One word sums this up. Bravo!
0.8125 If only Johnny Depp had made his Willy Wonka this disturbingly attractive.
0.82 The brooding gothic romanticism of the source material plays right into Burton's cinematic wheelhouse.
0.5 Love the play, but this film adaptation left a bad taste in my mouth.
0.74 The imagery, music, and intoxicating blend of vengeance and madness--with just a smidgen of Priest; you'll see, if you don't already know--will linger long after you leave the theater.
0.875 Murder, music, and monsters happily drenched in blood.
0.625 Should have been a standing triple for Burton to hit off the wall instead of hitting it head-on until the guignol nature became less than grand.
0.875 What the movie version of Sweeney Todd preserves best is the corrosive power of Todd's revenge and the intricate rhymes of Sondheim's lyrics.
0.8 ... Burton and Depp put their stamp on Sweeney Todd, bringing the Demon Barber of Fleet Street to life for a whole new audience.
1.0 This black cauldron of a film, with its spider-blood visual scheme, may be the purest example of imagemaking the movies have given us in far too long.
0.7 This version glories in the gory. Depp's singing limitations rob the character of Sweeney of his all-important contagious savage fury.
0.9 Admittedly it is bloody as hell, but there's something just stylish enough about the way it's executed -- pun intended -- that even viewers with weak constitutions should be able to stomach the violence.
0.7 Unparalleled visual splendor, a bloody red-velvet fever dream of a musical for people who think they HATE musicals.
0.875 A wickedly entertaining blood feast.
0.9 [W]e haven't seen this much hemoglobin in a Johnny Depp film since the infamous blood geyser in A Nightmare on Elm Street.
0.625 A movie musical for people who don't like musicals, in the way that -- for example -- Kenneth Branagh's 'Frankenstein' was a horror movie for people who don't like horror movies.
0.625 It's like Dario Argento blood just spurting everywhere...
0.8 It has vision to spare, which is rare enough in the modern cinema, and it was made by a director clearly in love with his material, which is rarer. It is not the definitive version of the musical, but maybe we don't need a definitive version.
0.75 The most elegant slasher movie ever made.
0.875 Mesmerizing and highly entertaining.
0.875 Tim Burton's grand guignol fantasy transforms Stephen Sondheim's 1979 musical-theater piece into a cheerfully gothic morality tale.
0.875 It's easily Burton's best since, well, ever.
0.75 I'm a tough audience for Sweeney Todd, since I've probably played the original cast album a thousand times, but even I think it's worth your time.
0.5 Stylized but spasmodic, this Sweeney seems more interested in distancing than captivating an audience.
0.875 It's Sondheim's gorgeously dissonate score that makes the greatest impact. The lush strings and emphatic horns can't help but lift the spirit even as they chill the bones.
0.7 While certainly not for all viewers, and even if it takes a bit to gain viewer engagement and traction, the film turns out to be, pardon the obligatory pun, fairly bloody fun.
0.75 Depp may not be a trained singer, but his voice is more than passable, and his presence -- his Sweeney is Edward Scissorhands gone bad -- is perfect.
1.0 By all means go, and be prepared for a holiday musical like no other.
0.875 Visually expansive and imaginative.
0.875 The wait for a good Tim Burton movie is finally over.
1.0 A great film, a landmark in musical cinema and the best movie of 2007.
0.8 The most faithful and effective transfer of a musical to screen I've seen. And bloody good fun besides.
0.875 Sondheim's original musical was already a mad synthesis of Jacobean shock, Brechtian irony and Dickensian pathos -- to which Burton's lush visuals add another layer of aesthetic distance. The overall effect is somewhere between melodrama and camp.
0.875 No sentiment goes unbloodied in [Burton's] exuberantly dark Sweeney Todd.
1.0 There's something about the 1979 Stephen Sondheim musical that awakened something audacious and inspired in Burton, sparking him to make his best film since "Ed Wood."
1.0 It combines some of Tim Burton's favorite elements: The fantastic, the ghoulish, the bizarre, the unspeakable, the romantic and in Johnny Depp, he has an actor he has worked with since Edward Scissorhands and finds a perfect instrument.
0.5 This isn't a movie for lovers of Sondheim's grimly funny musical, as most of the jokes fall flat in this joyless version. It's a movie for people who'd like to hear Depp do another British accent and wear a Bride of Frankenstein wig.
0.75 A conceptual masterstroke. Sweeney always wanted to be a revenger's tragedy to make us recoil in fright. Now it is. Merry Christmas.
0.4 Poor Depp isn't up to the challenge of a musical. He may look menacing with his ivory skin and flashing eyes, but he sings like he's three drinks into a night at the local karaoke bar.
0.75 Touches on Dostoevskian notions of playing God and purging the world of its lowlife rabble, and at times Todd seems something of a proletariat hero, exacting class reparations by night and knife.
0.7 Very charming in its dark and twisted way, although not without some flaws and odd choices.
1.0 Pairing his Burton's whimsy with Stephen Sondheim's witty lyrics and lilting melodies makes for a combination as engrossing as it is unlikely.
0.9 There's no hole in the floor for an orchestra pit,there's a lot of CGI and some razor-keen wit.If you don't know the show, just roll with it
1.0 As the perfect marriage of maker and material, this dark, disturbing splatter-etta stands as the best film of 2007.
0.9 It pulls you into Burton's world with its stunning performances and visuals.
0.625 [Sweeney Todd] is a wonder to behold, but only those with Burton's acquired tastes would want to sample a pie overstuffed with such joylessness.
1.0 the perfect movie this holiday for anyone sick of jingle bells and angels getting their wings.
1.0 [It] works as a big screen version of one of the great achievements of the musical stage, as a dark and scary horror film, and as Tim Burton's finest film in over a decade.
0.8 Burton's work here is strong and self-assured and never allows the lavish production design to dominate the storytelling.
0.6 Sweeney Todd is exactly the musical Burton fans have wished him to make. It's a bloody mess of vengeance and lost love, full of throat-slitting mayhem.
0.8 It's a delightfully bloody trip to a grimy, but melodic, Victorian London.
0.8 It's as if Stephen Sondheim's musical was meant to be a Tim Burton movie all along.
0.875 Delightfully gruesome, it is laced with morbid humor, and yet a sense of tragedy and loss weighs heavily upon it.
0.8 A consistently great experience, and I'd love to go back and see it again in three weeks when the Hot Topic generation has latched on to it and will be singing along in the theater.
0.5 The material, a Gothic yarn of bloody revenge, seems specially suited for the macabre hand of Tim Burton, but alas, such is not the case.
0.875 I'm not sure Tim Burton's Sweeney Todd works very well as a musical, but it's one hell of a movie.
1.0 Sweeney Todd is often considered Stephen Sondheim's masterpiece; it's too early to say, but it may be Tim Burton's as well.
1.0 Burton has made some great pictures--Sweeney Todd is the culmination of them.
0.9 Sweeney Todd is the creative peak of an eccentric career and one of the year's very best films.
0.7 Tim Burton's scaled-down adaptation chooses style over substance. The result, however, is still a pretty enjoyable film.
0.9 Sweeney Todd is as much a horror film as a musical. It is also something close to a masterpiece.
0.875 Those with strong stomachs will find this darkly comic piece is not just a bloody mess. Instead, it's bloody good fun.
0.7 for all its unmistakable faults, it casts such a complete spell that I'm chomping at the bit to see it again
0.5 Singers that can't sing, repetitive tunes that aren't the least bit memorable and a director more in love with his macabre settings than with the story or the songs sure make for one long night at the movies.
0.7 Sure to make you nervous to get a haircut.
0.875 Director Tim Burton has found the right look and, more crucially, the right scale for his film version of the grandiose 1979 Broadway musical thriller.
0.875 It is rare for a film to achieve a feeling of unequivocal, breathtaking transcendence, but Sweeney Todd: The Demon Barber of Fleet Street does just that.
0.875 What a pleasure it is, then, to report that Burton's version tends more to the abattoir than the amusement park...
0.6 Two hours of singing is going to bore the pants off of gore-starved viewers, and the last-reel gore is going to scare the pants of the foofy Broadway types. And that means a theatre full of people without pants.
0.75 Abetted by Wolski's swooping, receding camera and Jonathan Tunick's propulsive orchestrations, Burton makes this as fluid and dynamic as any screen ride this year, musical or otherwise.
1.0 One of the most memorable films of the year.
0.8 Dismal sets, cartoonish gore and Johnny Depp singing -- what's so appealing about that? Just about everything, actually.
0.8 A striking if stomach-turning big-screen treatment.
0.875 You'll be twisted, manipulated and repulsed, but always entertained. You might also find yourself uttering "God, That's Good."
0.7 If you can handle the blood-spurting scenes Sweeney Todd might be a movie to check out after the glow of the holiday bulbs has dimmed.
0.75 Turns out Sweeney Todd needed Tim Burton more than Tim Burton needed Sweeney Todd.
0.875 [Depp and Bonham Carter] provide this rousing musical with the emotional heft necessary to prevent it from merely becoming an exercise in Gothic chic.
1.0 An invigorating experience that ranks among the best stage-to-screen translations ever filmed.
0.625 In the end, the real problem with the Demon Barber of Fleet Street is that he's not as bloody fun as he should be.
1.0 Everything a Burton picture should be, everything a musical should be, everything the play should be and everything the venerable horror story of good old Sweeney should be.
0.75 Despite the weak vocal work, the film does nevertheless border on brilliance, and seems to be a shoo in for an Academy Award nomination.
0.875 Tell me, is it good? Sir, it's too good at least. It's mighty entertainment that makes you feel sorry for the poor saps in the next theater at the multiplex.
0.5 Revenge is a dish best served cold, exactly how I was left after watching Helena Bonham Carter butcher a cheeky star turn in Tim Burton's cutthroat musical.
0.8 A Grand Guignol, with plot elements from Jacobean tragedy, The Count of Monte Cristo, and Jack the Ripper, it's the perfect melange for the master of the macabre, Tim Burton.
1.0 Keeping every performer on point, Burton draws the strongly structured material together to produce a black comedy and still blacker tragedy surging with jugular urgency. It haunts the mind for days.
0.9 This grisly, grim and ghoulish gothic tale of vengeance is a thoroughly entertaining gore-filled experience, whether you're a fan of musicals or not.
1.0 A cynical, chill-inducing, blood-splattering cinematic operetta! Forget about your preconceptions - and relish one of the 10 Best Movies of 2007.
1.0 This Sweeney Todd blasts audaciously away with all the forces and resources of cinematic realization in a smashing production.
0.9 It's awash in grimly gorgeous sights, mercilessly dark humor, oddly amusing tunes, and all sorts of strange goings-on ... Burton and Depp strike gothic gold once again.
0.875 Sweeney Todd is a thriller-diller from start to finish: scary, monstrously funny and melodically thrilling. And Depp is simply stupendous.
0.5 comes off a bit like an extended advertisement for the place
0.5 The filmmakers end up rushing us through these girls' stories, achieving a vague sense of female angst but ultimately barely skimming the surface.
0.625 It's a great program and a great subject, but Girl's Rock! directors Shane King and Arne Johnson don't quite know what to do with it.
0.75 How are girls supposed to behave in a culture that tells them they're Disney princesses for the first 12 years and sex toys after that? Girls Rock! has one answer: Strap on a Fender and rage against the machine.
0.5 There's too little clarity or thoroughness in the biographies, too few prolonged scenes of the girls creating their songs.
0.75 There is a slightly patronizing flavor to portions of this mostly enjoyable film. But the interview subjects are very likable and charismatic, which certainly helps.
0.375 Girls rock, flat documentaries do not.
0.75 'Why don't you start your own band? That's a lot cooler than having a boyfriend in a band!' So says 15-year-old Laura, who makes a better pitch for the 'empowerment' aspects of the Rock 'n' Roll Camp for Girls than do the adult counselors...
0.75 There's so much joy and coming-of-age angst turned into nuggets of gold that it seems uncharitable to ask, what might be missing (more onscreen appreciation for rock's goddesses and gods, perhaps.)
0.6 Never seeks to be anything more than a simplistic look at young women not just learning how to create music, but how to take hold of their talents and use it to their advantage...
0.7 Girls at risk take the world by storm at an artists' refuge where it's all right to scream.
0.8 Young women find expression for more than their music in Girls Rock!, a jubilant documentary about a place where power chords and empowerment go hand in hand.
0.875 Girls Rock! happily pulls off the trick of being both entertaining and moving; grown-up girls may well watch with an occasional tear as we see the campers subtly transform.
0.5 Some of the footage is entertaining. Too much of it is confusing, repetitive or unremarkable.
0.75 What the girls might lack in musical talent and experience they make up for with infectious energy.
0.75 The directors take a compassionate approach that encourages their young subjects to open up in remarkable ways, making this a must-see both for girls and the grownups who love them.
0.5 Though Girls Rock! is nothing if not well meaning, it doesn't always feel like the best possible film on the subject.
0.75 Girls Rock! is a success story because of the earnest heart with which it introduces us to some girls who don't realize how much they really do rock.
0.75 Takes a trip to the annual "Rock 'n' Roll Camp for Girls" in Portland, Oregon and comes away with something a bit more.
0.75 An inspiring rebel yell from four girls unwilling to recede into the background as passive sacrifices to the MTV culture.
0.6 The shy, awkward subjects of Girls Rock! stand in refreshing contrast to the American Idol ideal of potential superstars.
0.6 Girl-power docu has a strong positive message.
0.5 The directors sacrifice substantially investigating the four girls for Morgan Spurlock-ish populist gimmickry.
0.5 Here's yet another animated feature from Disney's mostly barren stretch between its two golden ages, a film that plays better in nostalgia-tinged memories than in the here-and-now.
0.75 Disney's grandniece recently cast aspersions on the picture, but I don't share her pessimism.
0.75 [Blu-ray Review] Looking and sounding like a million bucks (or more) and full of exhaustive bonus content new and vintage, the Blu-ray release of "The Jungle Book" is a must-own for anyone who loves animation, the Walt Disney studio, or film in general.
0.7 Every one of the bunch is memorable, and each plays gracefully into the action of the film.
0.7 Disney had perhaps the clearest vision of any creative talent in Hollywood, and 'The Jungle Book' is the last project with which he was personally involved. Though he died before it hit theaters, he would have been proud of the final cut.
0.5 ...a sporadically entertaining yet hopelessly uneven bit of animated filmmaking.
1.0 Jaunty animation meets jazzy songs in Disney classic.
0.6 By far the most contemporary in expression and attitude of any Disney animated feature to that time.
0.875 A witty animated feature from Disney based on the famous Rudyard Kipling stories.
1.0 It's a slight tale, of course, and incredibly short, but the characters and songs are pretty much perfect viewing time and again.
1.0 Ridiculously entertaining.
0.625 The literally last-minute stab at domestic foreplay is simply unbelievable, but Baloo's lip-licking post-mortem ("I still think he'd a made one swell bear") is what sticks.
0.8 Reflects a conservative, imperialist, 'don't mix the races/species' worldview. Yet it's also about friendship and truthfulness, and it's just plain fun.
0.8 The roughness around the edges of The Jungle Book are part of what makes it such a classic.
0.7 ...the characters, music, and animation more than make up for any shortcomings, and the result is pleasant entertainment for everyone.
0.8 Fun characters, irresistible songs -- a Disney classic.
0.6 Pretty good, but not great later Disney effort.
0.6 I'll never get that "Bear Necessities" song out of my head, ever. I guess that's a testament to the movie.
0.8 The Jungle Book isn't without its rough spots, but on the whole it's fully deserving of its place in the Disney canon.
0.6 The background animation is embarrassing, but the songs are fun.
0.625 ..an uneven episode in the Disney legacy, without much shape and substance beyond the concept of jumping from one scene to the next in order to get to the next musical number.
0.8 The Jungle Book is fun, cheerful animation; high on hummable songs and comedy; and low on scary moments.
0.875 This is a well-made, observant documentary, with attitude to spare and plenty of justifiable laughs at the expense of its subjects.
0.6 For all the amusingly fatuous remarks heard here -- and Miss Spheeris has a great ear for these -- the overriding dimness of most of the fans and musicians is frightening.
0.6 Art Carney and Bea Arthur versus Darth Vader? This galaxy isn't far, far away enough!
0.6 It's a jam session with a lot of sweet notes and messy arrangements. Willie's the glue that keeps it together.
0.4 For all its failures in other areas - a bloated, heavy farce, or a character comedy full of generally tedious cartoons - its abysmal shortcomings as a musical are the saddest.
1.0 A magical, old-fashioned musical.
1.0 It is a work of great entertainment, a product of an era when people looked up at a screen and saw movies instead of cinema.
0.5 It doesn't escape the overproduction trap, not by a long shot.
0.8 Splashy Kelly production with a too-young Streisand...but she's stunning.
0.5 More infamous for bringing Fox financially to its knees than for being the last major musical directed by Gene Kelly, Dolly! is one big-assed bull in a china shop.
0.4 Hello, Dolly! is one of those films from the late sixties that helped nail down the coffin lid on musicals.
0.6 Kelly managed to turn out a film that combined the worst elements of canned theater with the sillier excesses of the musical film.
0.8 This is the movie that established Barbra as truly incomparable.
0.8 Few films capture the vibe of live music as well as this sublime documentary.
1.0 The King's astonishing last hurrah.
0.375 Endless scenes of pointless buffoonery and crashing cars.
1.0 Another time, another planet.
0.2 Buy the soundtrack and rent the one with Belushi.
0.2 Easily one of the most worthless, shameless, and unnecessary sequels ever concocted. Not even the music can save it.
0.2 Landis apparently lost almost any trace of inspiration or creativity.
0.4 The greatest car crash ever, but not a funny movie.
0.4 Not bad. Too bad it's not good, either.
0.8 Virtually worthless without the music. But the music's so good, it doesn't matter.
0.625 Like the original, it's a rambling wreck of a movie that's more fun than it deserves to be.
0.5 Once upon a time, it was funny.
0.6 There's a lot of music in Blues Brothers 2000, and it's great stuff.
0.25 It makes an audience pay for every two seconds of pleasure with 10 seconds of pain.
0.5 The main problem is the absence of a similar focus on the music, replaced by a more cynical attempt to re-create the past.
0.2 Belushi is rolling in his grave, can't you feel it?
0.375 If simply copying the original Blues Brothers wasn't bad enough, writers Aykroyd and John Landis dumb it down, removing any memorable characters, and replacing them with flashy, but unbelievable, magical gimmicks.
0.2 Joins the collection of unfunny Saturday Night Live alumnus and never-should-have-been-made sequels.
0.8 Enjoyable sequel, if belated and needless.
0.625 The pacing is good, no scene is so long that it bogs down, and there are enough musical interruptions to keep things humming along.
0.75 The film celebrates the blues with style and affection.
0.6 Everything bar the musical numbers is stolen from the original film, and comes across as desperately lackluster...
0.9 If one gag doesn't do it for you, surely the next one will.
0.5 While the comedic scenes are hopelessly inept, Landis again shows a deft hand with the staging of the musical numbers, which should provide fans with a good enough reason to see the movie.
0.75 A fabulous concert film with incredibly bad patter between the songs.
0.75 Blues Brothers 2000 isn't anywhere close to the landmark its predecessor was, but it's still enjoyable.
0.5 'I always thought there was another story to be told,' Landis says in the film's notes. Fine; then tell one.
0.4 Oz prequel has sweet message, cloying songs.
0.5 full review in Greek
0.5 This is an affair to forget.
0.75 Attal taps into that unexpectedness -- the inability of just one person to captain the course of a relationship no matter how hard they try -- and he plays it for all it's worth.
0.625 Gets bogged down in midlife-crisis cliches.
0.5 There are a few quality moments, but this fairy tale is far from enchanting.
0.5 Whatever points screenwriter/director Attal is trying to make about relationship envy get lost as the marital conflicts become more contrived and shrill.
0.625 Attal doesn't illuminate Vincent's motives for straying, and unwisely suggests Vincent's philandering and Gabrielle's daydreaming are somehow morally equivalent.
0.75 In a world filled with empty lust and marital discord, Yvan Attal's wistful comedy is about a guy who loves his wife.
0.875 Attal knows that no matter how adult we feel when we say, 'I do,' marriage is all child's play: jealousy, lies and pure, unconditional love. Perplexing, but not a bad option.
0.5 There's nothing much wrong with the film; my complaint is that there's nothing much right about it.
0.75 The story in the French Happily Ever After is about as exciting as that bland, mistranslated title. But the filmmaking? Very exciting.
0.75 Attal is creative in crafting cinematic mood, using focus and camera movements to subtly but deftly enhance and even anticipate emotions.
0.875 Whether any of them will live happily ever after is a question you're left pondering long after this challenging film comes to a close.
0.75 This is a fetching piece of work, both comical and savvy, and Gainsborough's brisk, forward intelligence rescues Gabrielle from snags of marital self-pity.
0.875 A tremendously provocative date movie for couples brave enough to face each other afterward.
0.5 The main reason to see it is to witness a fine lady making the most of what she's been given to play.
0.6 Like the story, the camerawork in Happily Ever After is loose, fluid and intent on discovery; it lets characters' moments together and alone unfurl easily and casually in a way that Hollywood seems to want to avoid like failure.
0.625 None of these men, unfortunately, is a very compelling character.
0.5 Attal's characters are one-note position statements, which forces the unsubtle soundtrack...to bear the brunt of clarifying their thoughts and feelings.
0.625 There's little you haven't seen in any number of French flicks, but then, most of them didn't have Gainsbourg.
0.875 This is terrific filmmaking.
0.5 Bereft of the meta elements that characterized the filmmaker's previous My Wife Is An Actress.
0.6 A delightful French film about the different shades of love and lust as experienced by a married couple and the husband's two best friends.
0.55 Scenes of impressive subtlety and thoughtfulness centering around the pensive Gabrielle [Charlotte Gainsbourg] are overshadowed by the antics of the middle-aged men.
0.6 Anyone who watches Yvan Attal's breezy, skin-deep sex comedy can identify with the grass-is-always-greener daydreams that haunt its characters.
0.5 The repetitiveness is eased only in those sequences when Johnny Depp, Anouk Aimee and Claude Berri make cameo appearances.
1.0 Love it or hate it, such a feat of highly demented cinematic imagination simply must be seen.
0.7 The Katakuris may not be your typical innkeepers, but the family that sings together and buries dead bodies together, stays together...this is hilarious, macabre, and entertaining.
0.5 It's shot and acted in a way that's hastily, amateurishly theatrical, through digital photography that tries to look beautiful but just plain can't.
0.75 It's weirdly -- and often wonderfully -- entertaining.
0.4 It's freakishly interesting and even outright hilarious at times, but, then again, so are most funerals.
0.625 By the second hour, Miike's story fails to punctuate its powerful setup, and the work, much like the family itself, ends up a tangled mess.
0.25 There are so many moments in Happiness of the Katakuris that beg us to walk out on the movie, it's hard to pick just one.
0.5 A kind of strange, existentialist comedy.
0.75 It's a ball when it works, which is why fans of Lars von Trier's Dancer in the Dark, Francois Ozon's 8 Women, and other darkly inspired, genre-bending musical fusions must introduce themselves to the Katakuris.
0.75 Miike is also counting on the fact that even if you've seen his other films, they won't help you one whit.
0.5 Hardcore Miike fans may want to catch this uncharacteristically upbeat curiosity; however, everyone will be much happier without the Katakuris.
0.4 None of this is nearly as hilarious as surely it was meant to be.
0.6 In this genre-bending celebration of family values, Miike delivers an imaginative and deliciously delirious mixture of jet black humor and schlock horror.
0.875 Katakuris doesn't disappoint, except in that it provides pretty much exactly what one would expect from a Miike musical.
0.7 Anyone with a weakness for song-and-dance dementia on the level of Forbidden Zone and Cannibal! The Musical will find all this irresistible.
0.75 Though uneven, this genre-defying creation's spectacle is still never less than awesome to behold.
0.5 Basically a one joke film, it goes on too long and boredom sets in.
0.7 It is enormously entertaining, and it marks a refreshing change of pace for the versatile Miike.
0.2 A sour camp musical that trots out most of the standard signifiers of 'outrageousness.'
0.65 Aggressively uneven and frequently humdrum, it also reaches cheerfully ludicrous heights to which few films even aspire.
0.625 Anyone who lasts the distance will be treated to some truly absurd sequences.
1.0 I swear, you'd think the Katakuris were Fraggles. Any kind of situation is prime reason for these people to burst out into a full-blown musical number...
0.5 Susan Hayward in an early, sudsy melodramatic peak.
0.2 For those unfortunate enough to be locked in a room with this film, look out for Isabel Lucas' eyewatering recreation of the famous dance scene from Flashdance, for anyone else, take heart in staying away from A Heartbeat Away.
0.4 In its lofty ambition to reach the heights of Baz Luhrman inspired fantasy, A Heartbeat Away ends up becoming the worse type of Australian bred fantastical farce.
0.0 Unspeakably bad...This film will do nobody any good and should not have been released.
0.0 According to our hipster hero, you can't get more sonically 2011 than Red Hot Chili Peppers. So in the spirit of such whip-smart with-it-ness, a message to all involved with the making of A Heartbeat Away: give it away, give it away, give it away, NOW!
0.6 It smells like desperation to me.
0.5 It's very clunky and very cliched.
0.2 Not only does [Edwards'] approach fail, it nosedives into terminal velocity, rendering A Heartbeat Away an annoying, close to distressing, viewing experience.
0.5 So determined that audiences will love it that it falls into the trap of feel-good cliches.
0.0 Seriously: you have no idea how badly you need to make sure you and your loved ones stay away from this.
0.75 Resembles Crumb in its depiction of damaged souls whose only refuge is art.
0.8 The Devil and Daniel Johnston is an unflinching yet loving look at the outsider musician's life. It's also the most revealing look at genius and mental illness since Terry Zwigoff's 1994 documentary Crumb.
0.875 A haunting, frequently unsettling documentary about the blurry line between madness and genius.
0.7 A paean to the artist as a tortured genius. I can't deny that Johnston has the tortured part down pat. It's the genius part I'm having trouble accepting.
0.8 A fascinating look at this epically tortured artist.
0.75 What makes Devil fascinating is the harrowing arc of Johnston's life. This is a story of youthful promise undermined by horrendous mental illness.
0.875 "The Devil and Daniel Johnston" is really something special, avoiding easy answers, skirting the expected cliches, drawing us deeper into the life of a fascinating and complex man.
1.0 By far the best film of this first half of 2006.
0.75 A heartbreaking, yet strangely uplifting and inspirational, exploration of the fine line between genius and madness, and how sometimes, one becomes impossible to discern from the other.
0.93 ...works as a biographical sketch of the artist as madman and as a meditation on the prerogatives of genius.
0.875 There's something truly illuminating in the telling of Daniel Johnston's story and his painful struggle with bipolar disorder.
0.8 Touching, funny and sad.
0.7 Both riveting and disturbing to watch.
0.75 Since Johnston was prolific and a pack rat, director Jeff Feuerzeig had access to a life's worth of audio recordings, short films and animation dating back to the formative equivalent of the refrigerator art of Johnston's childhood.
0.875 Feuerzeig focuses his attention not just on Johnston but on his friends ... who had to clean up the messes left after Johnston's episodes.
0.75 The nature and sound of Johnston's music is an acquired taste, and that also goes for director Jeff Feuerzeig's documentary -- though the film is intelligent and approaches the various mental-health issues addressed here in a sensitive manner.
1.0 A documentary with all the suspense, comedy, pathos and surprise of a great narrative film...
0.7 At the end of the day, Johnston's childlike stream of unrequited love landed him on MTV, Atlantic Records, and now a feature-length theatrical recounting of his life. Take that, Satan.
0.75 Though Feuerzeig's film isn't quite successful at underlining what exactly it is about Johnston's childlike art that makes him so appealing, the documentary works superbly at proving Johnston is insane.
1.0 Heartbreaking, funny and inspirational, in equal measure - it'll also make you want to buy at least one Daniel Johnston album and you'll probably find yourself singing Casper the Friendly Ghost for the rest of the day.
0.6 As a demonstration of how to put a life on screen, it is exemplary in its thoroughness and willingness to allow a multiplicity of views.
1.0 Rock 'n' roll's capacity for recycling legend means the stories of Johnston's life, and the way in which they're told, could easily fall into cliche. Instead they are original, engrossing and sometimes heartbreaking.
0.6 The troubled singer-songwriter Daniel Johnston is the subject of an entertaining documentary.
0.8 Johnston's music has touched many; his story deserves to reach far, far more.
0.8 Occasionally slides into a breathless fan tribute, but nonetheless an affectionate and candid portrait of a troubled artist.
0.75 This well-done documentary will explain why Johnston has never been able to rise above cult status ...
0.875 Like Capturing the Friedmans, Devil is loaded with revealing footage, rife with psychodrama, including a creepy home movie in which the teenage Johnston plays himself and his overbearing mother.
0.75 ... an uncomfortably fascinating document of a man whose bipolar disorder and artistic ambitions are inextricably connected.
0.875 A searing, compassionate portrait of chronic mental illness.
0.5 You don't need to be Einstein to know that not all geniuses are mad. More to the relative point, not all madmen are geniuses.
0.625 There's no question Johnston is an intriguing person. Or that, based on the treasure trove of illuminating or baffling or maddening footage assembled here into a stylishly messy whole, he remains a work in progress.
0.625 Perhaps Feuerzeig wanted to get away from the stereotypical 'talking head' interview, but by having the subject stop periodically to rinse and spit?
0.5 It's little more than a decently-compiled, fan-inspired research project as opposed to something organically resonant or artful.
0.75 Regardless of how you feel about Johnston's art, The Devil and Daniel Johnston is worth seeing as a poignant portrait of a troubled life, still in the making.
0.75 Jeff Feuerzeig, who won the best director award at Sundance 2005 for this film, has started with a subject who has filmed himself and been filmed by others for more than 20 years.
0.75 Johnston gets his own documentary
0.875 Feuerzeig recounts it all with clear-eyed candor, turning to Johnston's battered friends and family for insight and empathy and to Johnston's tapes and drawings for an inside look at his illness.
0.6 Really well done.
1.0 Whether Johnston is a genius or a wonderful anomaly remains to be seen, but director Jeff Feuerzeig has stitched together a detailed portrait of the artist's life and music that is never less than compelling.
0.75 Feuerzeig's film is as good a portrait of the artist as a beloved basket case as you'll see, but it's kept from greatness by the questions it refuses to ask itself.
0.75 A delicious character study that attracts and repels.
0.75 Feuerzeig tells the story of Johnston's journey from artistically inspired but domestically and socially challenged teen to singer-songwriter to full-blown manic depressive with a great deal of resourcefulness and wit.
0.5 An inside look at the weird world of the cult hero of grunge rock who is, well, weird.
0.8 If Johnston is Joe Buck, Feuerzeig is his rambling, audacious Enrico Rizzo.
0.875 While the insane details of manic-depressive pop savant Daniel Johnston's troubled life make for gripping viewing, the best thing about Jeff Feuerzeig's excellent documentary is his refusal to romanticize Johnston's mental illness.
0.75 Feuerzeig paints a loving portrait of the up-and-down life of the troubled 45-year-old -- sort of a poor man's Brian Wilson.
1.0 Everything a good documentary should be.
0.4 Devil turns out to be too indulgent and worshipful a film to justify its length (one hour and 50 minutes, including an interminable section on Johnston in high school), much less hold our attention for the duration.
0.625 As for the serious fans of his work, well, maybe I'm not getting something, but they seem like the craziest people in the movie.
0.875 'The Devil and Daniel Johnston' is a documentary that will haunt you all the way home, and into the night.
0.875 [The film] may be a paean to a lost 'genius,' but it is also a gritty, involving, warts-and-all tale of celebrity and psychosis that leaves a likely unanswerable question: Were the naive songs of Johnston's youth a window into his soul, or his disease?
0.7 Johnston's story may seem like another '80s cultural footnote, but just when you think ... you've seen it all, another fascinating chapter in his eventful life comes along.
0.8 The romantic cliche that all artists are a little bit mad is put through its paces (if never seriously questioned) in this documentary about the musician Daniel Johnston.
0.87 I can't tell if the movie means to leave us somewhat hopeful or utterly devastated by the way God treats his own geniuses.
0.875 It's the way Feuerzeig walks with him on the line between creativity and madness that digs this haunting and hypnotic film into your memory.
0.5 Why he keeps being a called a 'musical genius' in the film is something my ears could never understand.
0.9 Daniel Johnson's 'musical genius' is overblown. His only similarity to Brian Wilson is his mental illness, which is the true focus of this fascinating documentary.
0.6 I viewed this as an outsider to his subculture and the film offered me little.
0.8 Brilliantly illustrates how Johnston's innate musical genius was virtually inseparable from his illness.
0.7 The film is virtually overflowing with truly memorable scenes of great humor, pain, and inspiration.
0.75 The Devil and Daniel Johnston is a movie about a man whose demons live with him always, but who has somehow found a way of speaking that can still be heard above the din in his head.
0.75 A compelling and obsessive humanization of American eccentricity.
0.2 I'm Still Here is incredibly self indulgent and pointless. As a piece it is not funny, and simply put, it's just painful to watch and offers very little.
0.375 Joaquin gets the last laugh on us all. But the movie's a mess.
0.4 As a defeated Phoenix cleanses himself in the waters of Panama at the movie's climax, ultimately you're left asking the same question you were wondering when you went in: why should I care?
0.375 If what's happening in the film is honest and real, it's more spectacle than introspection. If it's all fake, only the filmmakers are laughing.
0.3 An ugly and disturbing deconstruction of self-destruction and emptiness.
0.9 Phoenix and Affleck aren't merely concerned with teaching everyone a lesson -- that would be cheap. They offer us an opportunity to step through the looking glass and see the human being that sits behind the famous personality.
0.0 If Phoenix and Affleck are engaged in an extended performance-art piece, their message ? that America?s celebrity culture is empty and soul-crushing ? isn?t anything that hasn?t been said before.
0.5 Phoenix needs a hug. And a Bowflex.
0.2 Casy Affleck is trying to claim that I'm Still Here is 'gonzo film-making'. And I'm right with him on that point. It DOES look like it was made by a muppet.
0.83 ...it took something like courage to make it, and it has some ofthe same iconoclastic power of punk rock, with the same edge of sneering cynicism ballasted by a canny sense of the market.
0.2 I don't get it.
0.4 I'm Still Here's gruelling faux-doc assemblage loses its charm after about 40 minutes.
0.375 Why leave all that wreckage in their path if there's no real point; no insightful takeaway?
0.6 Self-indulgent? Definitely. Funny? Mostly. Real? It actually doesn't matter.
0.6 The result is intriguing, fitfully amusing and terribly sad because if the story was for real then it has left Phoenix a laughing stock and a broken man.
0.6 Affleck's meta-satire riffs amusingly on celebrity culture without hitting too many faux-doc highs.
0.2 Not entertaining at all, regardless of whether you believe it or not. It comes across as a bunch of talentless high school kids making a home-grown version of Jackass
0.25 No doubt what we witness is a performance for the camera, but with what motivation? Or is the hoax a hoax?
0.4 The revelation the whole thing was a sham cannot repair the damage Joaquin Phoenix has done to a once-promising career. I'm Still Here is a practical joke, and not a very good one, either in conception or execution.
0.9 Dear The Academy Awards, please give Joaquin Phoenix and Casey Affleck their Oscars now please. One of the most riveting pieces of entertainment this year!
0.75 Maybe "I'm Still Here" tells the truth, in the sense that it shows us Phoenix's unhappy personal view of the life behind the velvet rope that he's rejected.
0.5 Is this cinema verite or a satire of celebrity self-regard? If this is 'Borat' in extremis, is its portrait of an artist in anguish any less legitimate? Ultimately, the film is more interesting to discuss than to watch.
0.4 It's one thing to pull off a hoax; it's quite another to transform the fakery into authentic entertainment.
1.0 Joaquin Phoenix gives the performance of a lifetime. Funny, tragic, compulsive and utterly one of a kind, you must see this film.
0.8 It is an astonishing film -- hilarious, revealing and, at times, genuinely shocking.
0.8 The joke may yet be on us, but for now Affleck has delivered one of the most riveting yet virtually unwatchable documentaries you are ever likely to see.
0.4 Although there aren't enough entertaining highlights to see us through the many dull spots, the film's sheer curiosity value keeps it queasily fascinating.
0.8 Whatever the truth, Affleck's film makes for a sharp critique of celebrity culture, as vicious vloggers lead a tirade of abuse against Phoenix, only serving to increase his angst.
0.7 There's a kind of genius to the whole affair, which is a good thing, because there's no trace of genius about the film itself, which is coarse and amateurish.
0.375 Although skillfully overhyped, this asinine exercise is little more than a way for Affleck and Phoenix to write off blow and hookers.
0.6 It raises some interesting questions about celebrity privilege and categorization.
0.8 A comedy that's toe-curlingly funny and stingingly bittersweet.
0.8 As director Casey Affleck does a brilliantly invisible job. We barely even think "fly on the wall"; we assume there are no walls.
0.6 If you like watching movie stars embarrass themselves for your amusement and for no point whatsoever, I'm Still Here is not a bad way to go.
0.7 If the film had been released as fiction, it would been greeted as a raw and revealing slice of Hollywood's underside. But Phoenix wouldn't have enjoyed himself nearly as much.
0.5 As directed by actor Casey Affleck -- also the subject's brother-in-law -- I'm Still Here is an unreliable, yet undeniably unique portrait of Phoenix burning his celebrity to cinders.
0.5 The film is shapeless in a way that suggests Affleck and his editing team is making it up entirely out of odds and ends.
0.8 Impressively directed and sharply written, this is a blackly funny mockumentary that works on several different levels, though it's not exactly an easy watch.
0.8 Joaquin Phoenix delivers one of his best performances playing a twisted version of himself in this might be / might not be real docu-drama.
0.0 Real documentary or hoax it's pathetic; there are definitely only losers here, in the film, behind the camera, and in the audience.
0.5 The crux of I'm Still Here is the same as the one central to most of Lars von Trier's filmic pranks: How far can one mess with one's audience while feigning sincerity?
0.6 [It] may or may not be a put-on. If it is, it's done with a visceral edge that is as difficult to watch as it is morbidly fascinating
0.7 Assuming this is a hoax, Phoenix gives one of his greatest performances. If it's real, then he's a disgrace.
0.6 At this point, it looks like it's up to you whether you want to believe or not. Phoenix's trainwreck of a life and the "why" becomes a discussion for another time.
0.5 Hip hop hoax or artist reborn? It's hard to care after suffering through I'm Still Here
0.3 I'm Still Here is a home movie for relatives and masochists. It's the Apocalypse Now of crap.
0.2 An elaborate piece of performance art or a documentary about an identity crisis of a man committing professional suicide? Either way, I'm Still Here is grating, boring, and completely without value.
0.54 It's a neat experiment with a brilliant performance but still not all that interesting.
0.625 I'm not sure I believed a word of this film. Actors who melt down on camera are usually, well, acting. But I couldn't take my eyes off I'm Still Here.
0.63 To what end did Phoenix go to all this trouble, creating this bizarre false persona? What emerges in the film is an angry attack on the media, and an intermittently fascinating examination of the way celebrity flameouts are publicly & privately treated.
0.4 It's hard not to feel punk'd and trapped amid the company of jerks.
0.8 At times I'm Still Here is as ridiculous as Borat, which certainly adds weight to the naysayers' arguments, and yet even through the multiple shots of male nudity, drug taking and human desecration, everything feels organic.
0.5 The movie is as damnably perplexing as the subject himself.
0.125 When I'm Still Here reached its climactic moment -- Joaquin Phoenix puking into a toilet -- I had never before felt quite so much like a toilet.
0.6 We always knew that he can be a bit of a weirdo; I'm Still Here teaches us that he can be exceedingly clever as well. And there will always be a place in Hollywood for clever weirdos.
0.5 I'm Still Here is like watching the 15 minutes in Boogie Nights where Dirk Diggler tries to become a recording artist, stretched into a full-length movie.
0.8 Whatever their actual intentions, I'm Still Here does take on, at times forcefully and effectively, the pathological fallout of the Entertainment Industrial Complex.
0.4 A glum and dispiriting counterfeit of reality that turns out to be much more interesting to speculate about than to actually watch.
1.0 It better be a hoax, because, if it is not, Phoenix needs serious mental and emotional therapy and, possibly, rehab.
0.75 If I'm Still Here started as a vanity project, it became a debasing one. If it is a hoax, it shows Phoenix as an actor entirely without fear.
0.625 A psychological snuff film, unpleasant and provocative in equal measure.
0.25 Whether truth or folly, it's not particularly well made. Even in the midst of Phoenix's most oddball and obsessive torment, it's boring.
0.875 A meditation on a life lived in the public eye, I'm Still Here is strange, riveting, and occasionally appalling stuff, any way you look at it.
0.625 What I'm Still Here most resembles is a less slick, less witty, feature-length version of HBO's Entourage, with several unusually raunchy touches...
0.2 There is absolutely no good that can come from this movie.
0.25 Since Phoenix spends half the film with his head down, mumbling and shirtless, I'm Still Here is literally (and figuratively) an exercise in navel-gazing.
0.625 Parts of it are close to genius; most of it is actively torturous to watch.
0.6 If the film is nothing more than a practical joke on the audience, it certainly doesn't aim to be as caustic or ferociously political as, say, Borat.
0.5 "I'm Still Here" is a film that gets in your face and under your skin. Kind of like a portrait wiped with the artist's excrement. It's disgusting, but it's still art. The question is, at what cost?
0.4 If all that I'm Still Here documents is a hoax then Joaquin Phoenix is a far better actor than I ever suspected.
0.5 The big question that the peculiar [film] doesn't answer is whether Phoenix is working through a creative rut or if any of his unusual behavior is par for the course.
0.4 You won't personally be ridiculed and physically attacked. You'll just leave the theater feeling like you were.
0.6 Suggests a proper human being trying to make sense of a life in the public eye he never really wanted.
0.75 If the movie is a fake, the filmmakers deserve Oscars for creativity.
0.8 As a character he is extreme, a grandiose wild man who manages to be irritating and ingratiating at the exact same time. It is a performance that is both absurd and committed and ranks among his best.
1.0 I'm Still Here is a picture of spoiled entitlement, but its real impressiveness comes with its unusually mature sense of pacing.
0.4 Increasingly annoying, deluded, mumbling narcissism. Joaquin Phoenix may still be here, somewhere, but I no longer care.
0.6 Like a pair of po-faced co-conspirators, Affleck and Phoenix have cooked up an audacious little distraction; a stage-managed Hollywood Babylon that's at once gaudily entertaining and willfully self-indulgent.
0.4 The film is made up of half-formed sketches in which Phoenix comes across like a childish crank who's escaped from his soap box at Speakers' Corner.
0.6 This film gives us more access than the most inquisitive tabloid magazines into Phoenix's world. By doing so, it makes us question and even become a little ashamed about our own voyeurism.
0.0 Rarely has the question of a documentary's artifice mattered less. I genuinely hated this picture, almost as much as I've admired Phoenix's work.
0.75 It's not well-done technically -- the image and sound are bad -- but it has the advantage of access to private and tormented moments.
0.5 Blends the narrative, the dancing, and the music in a vibrant way that hasn't been captured before. Otherwise, it's really just more of the same.
0.75 With each successive film, whatever passes for story becomes all the more shallow and trite--and the movies as a whole actually get *better*.
0.375 Incredibly stupid in just about every way. And yet, it had what may have been my favorite scene at the movies this year...[Blu-ray 3D]
0.5 The latest entry in a consistently underwhelming series...
0.5 Whilst the film attempts to advocate the organic and liberating tenets of dance, it contradicts this message though consumerism and unashamed product placement.
0.4 The only laugh comes during the end credits, when the phrase 'featuring characters created by Duane Adler' pops up onto the screen. This film had characters? Now that's entertainment.
0.375 Step Up 3D is one D too many. This gimmick-laden film is filled with cliches in the production as well as the script.
0.6 Step Up 3D ima isforsiranih momenata no na sre&#263;u takvih je malo pa vrijeme provedeno ispred ekrana relativno brzo prolazi
0.3 full review at Movies for the Masses
0.6 While I did have fun while watching it, I can't say for sure if I would have been quite so forgiving if I had actually paid to see it.
0.2 This, the latest variation on the "follow your dream" dance fantasy, draws an ever sharper line between tip-top street dance and bottom-of-the-class dialogue and acting.
0.5 The 3-D at its best pops (a red-gloved dancer bursts out from the screen as if diving through a window), but more often it's merely Dramamine-inducing.
0.75 This is a very silly movie, but it's a pretty fun one as well.
0.4 When Step Up 3D isn't throwing stuff at the crowd, its dance sequences do jump out of the screen in a pretty cool way. The routines are impressive, but the plot less so.
0.625 For a change, the 3D gimmickry actually works, particularly with Chadd "Madd Chadd" Smith's uncanny robot-dance moves.
0.75 A swooping visual delight!
0.2 ... the dances are juiced up with all kinds of snazzy digital effects ... Were the dances digitally created as well? Maybe not, but the suspicion alone is fatal.
0.6 It's all about the moves, and I count the film's moronic perkiness as a plus: it could be the dumbest thing all year that I have to admit enjoying.
0.4 Those who would like a storyline not caressed by cliche had better beware.
0.4 There are moments of energetic charm here, but the script is so painfully poor, and the plot's creaky turns so unintentionally comedic, that they're all but lost in the noise.
0.0 It's like Muppets Take Manhattan, but replace a milquetoast young artiste for an amnesiac frog and a group of muppets for a post-racial group of seamlessly integrated metrosexuals.
0.6 This movie gets points for knowing it is just a dance movie and never trying to be anything else.
0.5 If you actually like the hiphop style of dancing, much of the film is given over to energetic displays,although one is hardpressed to say why one group... deserves to win.
0.6 It's the only one of the trilogy gauche enough to be amusing... so loopy that you'd need to have a heart of flint not to be carried away.
0.3 Bad acting and loud, insurmountable narrative gear-grinding completely derail an admirable lesson -- that the human body remains one of if not the most engaging big screen special effects there is.
0.4 Likely to leave even unworldly 12-year-olds rolling, rather than breakin', in the aisles.
0.4 Even with the addition of 3-D it feels as if the Step Up series has nothing new to offer.
0.5 a trial to endure
0.4 By adding 3D, Step Up 3 has morphed from a film into that creepy guy who dances at you in clubs.
0.6 "Step Up 3D" has pedestrian acting, weak dialog and a storyline that might as well have been generated by an iPhone ap. It's a good thing that nobody is buying tickets to see this movie for its dramaturgy.
0.6 This is NOT the first 3-D movie musical, as advertised, and the blandness of Malambri and Vinson can't compare with the charisma of Fred & Ginger or Gene Kelly with a broomstick.
0.4 Functions less as a story than as a catalog of references meant to interest a young audience: mixed martial arts, parkour, X-games, Red Hook, Chinatown, D.I.Y. filmmaking.
0.6 Still as light on story as it is on its feet, but audiences looking to get a cinematic workout from the high-stepping action served up here could do a lot worse.
0.616 Unabashedly corny, contrived and comes alive with irresistibly captivating, eye-popping energy during the vibrant dance numbers.
0.4 Character and plausibility is never going to be this film's strong point; it's all about the moves. And in that at least, it's no let-down.
0.4 Even by the rock-bottom standards of dance movies, the script is abysmal: formulaic and dumb.
0.4 Plotwise, this is a slow dance indeed, with the players partnered-up with club-footed cliches and some deeply one-dimensional characters.
0.6 The movie's cheese, with cheese on the side -- and a portion of impressive footwork.
0.4 Fun dance routines are best part of otherwise boring movie.
0.625 There is some awkward editing and cheesy showing-off, but the dancers' tremendous talent is given the focus it deserves.
0.4 It's hard to hate as relentlessly upbeat a film as the weightless Step Up 3D. It's also hard to remember it for very long, it sits so lightly upon the brain.
0.5 The dance scenes are inventive and pop out in all kinds of strange places.
0.5 Though director Jon Chu brings admirable energy and imagination to Step Up 3D's dance extravaganzas, he can't animate shockingly wooden performances or cure stumble-footed dialogue.
0.75 Eye-popping dance-floor awesomeness and jaw-dropping dramatic awfulness combine to produce the must-see dumbest movie of the year and possibly even of the 21st century -- and yes, I know we've still got nine decades to go.
0.625 The main reason to see Step Up 3D is for the high-energy dancing and innovative camerawork, and on those points it delivers.
0.25 Saw 3D looked like the scariest tri-dimensional offering at the movies this year. Until now.
0.7 Would it be a better musical experience if when Gene Kelly splashed about in Singin' in the Rain, you saw each drop of water bouncing towards you?
0.75 Step Up 3D is as supremely exhilarating and thoroughly terrible as fans of the series might've expected.
0.6 Step Up 3-D is worth seeing for the amazing Fred Astaire homage sequence. Jon Chu nailed the longest 3D single-take shot in cinema history. The 3D was even great!
0.4 The mischievous Sevani remains one to watch, but Vinson and Malambri are as bland as the hackneyed story surrounding them.
0.8 An exhilarating summer treat for all ages, Step Up 3D celebrates the transformative power of dance.
0.375 The dance sequences in Step Up 3-D are thrilling, but the script is strictly 1-D.
0.25 You really can't say that the 3-D helps bring this series full circle. More like a straight line of cheesiness that features more covered crotch comin' at ya than a Jim Wynorski film.
0.125 It's like West Side Story and Singing in the Rain had a three way with the Devil, and this was the result.
0.625 Some of the visual razzmatazz isn't as polished as it should be, but the dance sequences, especially the go-for-broke finale, more than compensate for that.
0.5 Of all the pitfalls potentially awaiting new freshmen at New York University, one I've never heard mentioned is the dance pimp.
0.625 Rhythmically, athletically and energetically, Step Up 3D does not disappoint.
0.25 Between 3-D and regular viewing, the only way to see Step Up 3D is not to.
0.5 There's no need for the Screenwriting 101 structure, our demands are too simple: just shut up and dance.
0.5 Using 3-D to tell this trite story is, as they say, like putting lipstick on a pig.
0.4 If you're nine years old you'll really be into it. If you're somewhat older you'll be wondering why they suddenly decided to remake Rent as a children's film.
0.2 The conventions of quality cinema just got served.
0.375 Watching this movie in 3-D is very much like sticking one's head in a blender and hitting "pulse.''
0.5 Alas, the extra dimension doesn't compensate for a cliched, predictable plot, one dimensional characters, mediocre performances and dopey dialogue.
0.625 While director Jon M. Chu's acrobatic cast proves adept at moonwalks and break-dances -- and even tangos and tap -- not a one displays anything even closely approximating charisma.
0.375 It's the same movie as the earlier "gotta dance" over-choreographed crunk-and-breakdance epics. Exactly the same. Well, stripped of any hint of edge or sex appeal.
0.4 Sure, it's nifty enough to see dust particles swirling or hands swooshing at you, but mostly the 3-D muddles the invention and exquisiteness of the film's raison d'etre: the dancing.
0.6 Even if you've heard the one about the high-stakes dance contest that Manhattan street performers must win to hold onto their communal home, you've never seen it done quite like this.
0.4 If only there were more drop kicks and fewer banal lines.
0.6 Director Jon Chu is, to lesser acclaim, a modern day Busby Berkeley; he's a choreographer, not a storyteller.
0.4 While the 3D dance scenes pop off the screen, the lines -- and cliched plot -- are delivered with a resounding clunk.
0.75 It boasts a generous exuberance and, as entertainment products go, it's surprisingly sweet.
0.625 The 3D, as well as the rehashed plot, do little to enhance the frequently phenomenal dancing in this third "Step Up" film.
0.6 How can you not find a space in your heart for a 21st century villain saddled with the name Julien?
0.6 Two words: LASER FINGERS!
0.4 The ninth plague of Egypt: 3D films for those with a mental age of six.
0.6 This is all about the moves and on that score Step Up 3D is BFAB - blatant fun; almost brilliant.
0.4 Step Up 3D features superb 3D effects and suitably impressive dance sequences but it fails to connect on an emotional level...
0.6 All the energy goes into the dancing, which is considerable fun.
0.8 It's a contemporary movie musical that makes you feel genuinely sky-high.
0.6 If you can ignore what is an undoubted handful of shame thrown upon yourself by checking this film out, you'll have a great time along the way.
0.4 So devoid of spark and humour that no matter how loud or fast or yoof it gets, it still feels like an endless slog.
0.8 Some of the best street dancing ever committed to the big screen.
0.6 Get lyrical people, Step Up 3D is foot-tapping fun.
0.5 It's not good, but it's a lot of fun.
0.75 Justly celebrated as the rare Elvis movie in which Presley is not just complemented but also challenged by a song-and-dance co-star of comparable sexual energy and anatomical expressiveness.
0.75 It's not magic, this movie, but it is alchemy of a kind...
0.8 Vegas ad is a nonstop song-and-dance delight.
0.875 Presley's one really good musical, mainly because it features a female costar, Ann-Margret, who can match the coiffed one in the charisma stakes.
0.5 ...a cut above most of Elvis's movies, but, unfortunately, it still comes off as little more than an upscale nightclub revue.
0.875 Directed by George Sidney, it has a carefree spirit as opposed to the carelessness of the other films, and for once Elvis is paired with a worthy co-star.
0.6 Coming on a balmy day, with no pretensions of art, Viva Las Vegas, the new Elvia Presley vehicle, is about as pleasant and unimportant as a banana split. And as fetching to look at, it might be added.
0.8 Hallucinatory but fabulously entertaining.
0.6 One of Presley's best and most popular musicals.
0.8 May be Elvis's raunchiest and most pleasing film, thanks mostly to co-star Ann-Margaret.
0.8 It is ridiculous. It is a little teensy bit sexist. It is a relic of a bygone age. It is as predictable as the sunrise. It is also, of course, rip-roaring fun.
0.8 Ultimately it's hard to say exactly why you'll like it -- but you will.
0.6 Elvis not only rocks the city of lights but also showed he could act.
0.4 To be honest, I was just trying not to lose consciousness.
0.4 Forced gags, and Hope & Crosby creak along in the last Road picture.
0.6 Occasionally bright attempt at recapturing the old 'Road' pictures doesn't quite make it
0.625 [Blu-ray Review] Lush and lovely to look at with a number of solid extras, "The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh" on Blu-ray is easily recommended for both the young and the young at heart.
0.9 One of the most charming of all Disney features... like anyone else, when I see it I am swiftly and inexorably carried back to childhood, in accordance with the drippy cliches.
1.0 While Blustery Day won an Oscar, all three cartoons deserved it.
0.85 The product of marketing genius, but at its core, this movie is entirely true to A.A. Milne's wonderful storybook intentions.
0.8 ...it's always nice, anytime, to renew one's acquaintance with A.A. Milne's delightful characters.
0.9 Quaint and fairly lovable kiddie adventures.
0.4 Colorless '50s remake is all suggestiveness and no depth.
0.4 Padded and lifeless
0.875 At once enchanting and emboldening...
1.0 It is the most dynamic animated film ever made, and the prance of its camera, the sense of penetration into its action, the brilliantly paced editing pyrotechnics give it a crackle of life far more abundant than any feature that's come before.
1.0 It's cartoon Cocteau, but just look at the children's faces as they watch it.
0.875 It's exceptionally difficult to make an audience care for animated characters unless they're mermaids or anthropomorphized animals or insects, yet the Disney animators, with a big assist from the vocal talents of a superb cast, have pulled it off.
0.75 Beauty and the Beast is certainly adequate holiday entertainment for children and their more indulgent parents... But the film has little of the technical facility, vivid characterization and emotional impact of Disney past.
1.0 Remains as wondrous and beautiful as ever.
1.0 Pure fairytale escapism that doesn't boast any digital trickery, celebrity voiceovers or unnecessary action.
1.0 Disney's most perfectly achieved combination of animation, story-telling and song must surely be this loving tribute to the old fairytale.
0.6 There's no doubting the craftsmanlike elegance of the film, summoning up with relish the spirit of classic fairytale Disney of the 50s and 60s...
0.8 Unsubtle perhaps, but never fails to hit the right notes.
0.8 Magic.
1.0 Reaches a level of artistry, sophistication and musical excellence that's still to be bettered by the Mouse House - or indeed its rivals.
1.0 The greatest animated film ever made and one of the screen's great musicals hardly needs this (3D) sort of sprucing up.
1.0 I admit it: I wrote this more than 20 years ago. But, like " Beauty and the Beast" itself, I think it stands the test of time.
1.0 Disney, please understand ... what people are actually showing up for ... they just want to see classic Disney on the big screen. The 3D is incidental.
0.9 Watching this in a theater definitely makes it feel less like a "cartoon" and more like a significant film. Cogsworth poking Le Fou in the butt with a sword aside.
1.0 One of the brightest jewels in Disney's crown, Beauty and the Beast's 3D reissue takes nothing away and makes the film's brilliance even easier to appreciate; the movie is more beautiful and timeless than it ever was.
0.75 The lines have begun to show in Belle's tale, which remains enjoyable but feels more like a quaint artifact than the masterpiece it once was declared to be.
0.8 Both TANGLED EVER AFTER and BEAUTY AND THE BEAST are sure to enthrall audiences everywhere, even if the 3D doesn't really add much of anything to this animated classic.
0.75 What you gain in an extra, faked dimension you lose in lively, genuine beauty.
1.0 The 3-D pops out to enhance the drama or energy of scenes in which settings are large and integral to the action.
0.6 Beauty and the Beast looks beautiful and is sure to entertain, but this experience is superfluous at best-it was already a three-dimensional story long before these new technics.
0.375 Better remembered than seen, Beauty and the Beast has been treated unkindly not just by the years that have passed since it was released to enormous acclaim in 1991, but by a faddish 3D conversion.
1.0 The ultimate makeover story has strong, positive messages.
0.75 ...an above average (yet far-from-flawless) animated endeavor.
1.0 With its strong characters and lively storytelling, animated or not, this deserves its place alongside the cinema greats.
1.0 As far as "Classic Disney," Beauty and the Beast pretty much has it all. Y'know, for kids. [Blu-ray]
1.0 A classic story of redemption, love, purity and friendship - a film worthy of our love and attention.
0.9 This beloved 1991 film has never looked better, and seems even more magical in Blu-ray.
1.0 Beauty and the Beast is one of the year`s most entertaining films for both adults and children.
1.0 This isn't merely the best of the princess features; it's very close to being the best Disney movie of them all.
1.0 A dramatic, comic, exciting, suspenseful, joyous, and robustly magical adventure that has the bracing feel of a 3-D movie at times and approaches sensory overload.
1.0 Some of the film's ideas, which are both campy and subtle, may not be kids' stuff, but like all good movies, Disney's enchanting fairy tale operates on many different levels and thus can be enjoyed by viewers of all ages.
1.0 The best of all the Disney cartoons
0.625 Belle is so decidedly positive in every regard, so simplistically shaped to meet the desires of all audience members (both dreamy little girls and feminist objectors), that she ultimately fails as a character
0.375 She falls for a hot-tempered manimal, but is it any coincidence that he showers her with gifts the whole time?
1.0 The artistry of the animators, who combined traditional painting with computer-generated images, stands up to the best that the Disney empire ever produced.
0.9 ...filled with charm, wit, romance, humor, and plenty of songs and music.
0.7 Not quite the masterpiece we once thought.
0.9 Revoke my Cynic Badge if you must, but I say this one comes real close to the Disney Classics of yore. (I said "close!")
1.0 Una obra maestra que los hara reir, llorar, emocionarse y pensar que la vida, aunque solo sea por unos momentos, es maravillosa.
1.0 The finest Disney feature-length animated musical ever made
1.0 Ten years later, it's still flawed and still quite fascinating.
0.9 A nostalgic feast, drawing shamelessly on the best traditions of screen animation and American musical theater and film. Thoroughly derivative but thoroughly charming.
0.8 It's not an especially scary movie, but right from the start, you can tell that this Beauty and the Beast has a beauty of a bite.
1.0 For once, the Disney hyperbole was right--the film is, indeed, a timeless cinema classic.
0.875 Entirely captivating from beginning to end -- INTERVIEW w/Director Kirk Wise.
1.0 It may be a cliche to call a fairy tale enchanting, but no other adjective suffices as the film still has the wit, slapstick, and romance to enrapture children and adults alike.
1.0 This is the only animated film ever nominated for a Best Picture Oscar, and you'll see why.
0.7 The new version is amazingly sharp with backgrounds that look like Impressionist paintings.
1.0 Slipped around all my roadblocks and penetrated directly into my strongest childhood memories, in which animation looked more real than live-action features.
1.0 Not only the finest animated movie ever made, but deserves a prominent position on any list of all-time greats.
0.6 A thing of beauty for our kids, something they deserve.
0.75 If you don't have kids, go anyway.
0.6 This slapdash but endearing doc about the rise, fall and resurrection of '80s pop outfit Spandau Ballet is an inside job, packed with strong archive footage yet lacking anything you'd call truly incisive.
0.75 Standard issue band history doc, but it smartly finds depth in a particularly shallow era in pop.
0.625 The band wasn't that great. Neither is the movie, which, if directed with a bit more sensitivity toward the latent comedy, could have been hilarious.
0.7 The advantage to Hencken's approach is that it makes Soul Boys Of The Western World play like a movie version of a printed oral history.
0.6 [Soul Boys] does a fantastic job explaining the youth movement that birthed the New Romantic genre.
0.8 [Hencken] makes a very persuasive case for Spandau Ballet's place in the Britpop pantheon.
0.6 This trawl through the band's history has enough guile and guts to keep you watching.
0.8 The salad days thrill; after the rush has gone, the comedown is surprisingly moving.
0.6 Only deep-seated musical snobbery would hinder enjoyment of this definitive, authorised, fastidious,and perhaps overlong telling of the Spandau Ballet story ...
0.4 Fans of the band will undoubtedly love the package, which puts the group front and centre.
0.8 A funny, absorbing, trivia-filled portrait of friendship, the '80s music biz and bad hair.
0.4 Not one of Tashlin's better efforts.
0.875 Years before Kenneth Anger, Frank Tashlin located the decadent Babylon in Hollywood and found it not that different from the splashy Looney Tunes bonanzas he used to fashion during his salad days as an animator.
0.4 Sure, the scenery is splashy and sporty in color and CinemaScope. But the show is as meager and witless as a cheap pin-up magazine joke.
0.8 Wild combination of cartoonish farce with seminal rock performances. Those milk bottles!
0.8 It's a great looking great sounding movie.
0.625 Miley might not become another Britney, if she keeps away from those way-cute Jonas boys. They look like trouble. I think they've actually experienced hormones.
0.5 ...possesses few elements designed to appeal to viewers over a certain age...
0.5 I found myself imagining boardrooms full of people going over market research about exactly which lime-green sneaker/jean jacket combo will get the maximum pop-lust response from the fans and create the biggest marketing opportunity.
0.8 Her great time is your great time -- if you're into it.
0.6 I can't think of a better recommendation for the DVD... than the fact that my two sons wanted to watch it.
0.125 A film that opens with celebuspawn Cyrus practising scales and ends with me wrapping my lips around the barrel of a twelve-gauge
0.5 "Cyrus is that pageant child often drawn in to the background whenever her dad Billy Ray is on set, and he even manages to attach himself in to her act..."
0.6 Parents of younger fans will be pleased to note that although there's lots of jumping about and running around plus enough lipgloss to paint the Forth Bridge, there is not so much as a hint of raunch.
0.4 Just weeks after U2's 3D concert movie comes another shameless cash-in.
0.6 This movie either marks the end of civilization or it's just jolly good fun.
0.4 Little more than a Disney cash-cow entirely wasted on anyone old enough to smoke, drink or vote.
0.4 A proper little trouper with enough charisma to render the 3D visuals redundant.
0.6 Anyone under theage of ten won't have a clue what's going on, but it's perfect fodder for its target audience.
0.75 Entertaining, thanks entirely to the charms of its 15-year-old star.
0.875 There's something adorable about this whole Miley Cyrus phenomenon that appeals to, well, the girl in me.
0.6 ...not a great concert, but a pretty good one, and great seats.
0.625 The movie spectacular to fulfill your little girls' wildest dreams, and at a considerably lower rate than the live concert.
0.6 With the disinterest of one not being badgered into coughing up $18 a ticket, what I saw felt a lot like the Barbie's Playhouse version of Madonna's Truth or Dare.
0.6 Young fans will love sugary sweet concert film.
0.625 For parents who were unable to secure tickets for the young fans in their households, it's nothing short of a godsend.
0.625 One's opinion of it may depend more on age and parental status than exposure to other rock-concert films. But there's no denying the film delivers on its promise.
0.625 It's great for kids to see that Miley doesn't just wake up polished. She makes mistakes, she practices - there's a learning curve and work involved. Fans are sure to enjoy.
0.7 Whether you like the music or not, you can't fault Miley -- this young lady works her petite fanny off performing for her fans, and she seems to be having a great time doing it ...
0.625 Hannah Montana & Miley Cyrus is Bubble Yum for the eyes and ears. But given the demographic, that works.
0.625 What this concert film and documentary makes clear is that the real Miley is not just like her predominantly pre-adolescent, female fans.
0.6 Hannah Montana and Miley Cyrus: Best of Both Worlds Concert is a diverting 3-D artifact of Ms. Cyrus's just concluded tour.
0.625 Obviously, there's no replicating the real thing. But it's as close as you'll come to achieving the best of both worlds.
0.5 Miley Cyrus is not U2.
0.625 Totally slick and vanilla, but you have to like a kid who works this hard.
1.0 A Hard Day's Night is a chance to experience to the joyous, early days of pop - while at the same time noting how the pressures of re-energising national life were beginning to close in on the enchanting innocence of youth.
0.7 The Beatles might break into song at any moment or they might run around a park goofing around while their songs are playing, but these moments truly work and they clearly helped to lay the groundwork for MTV Videos and musicals to come.
1.0 an art film and an exploitation film, a comedy and a musical, a celebration of the Beatles and a satire of their fame and fortune
1.0 Critic Andrew Sarris wasn't just playing the fanboy when he described this movie as 'The Citizen Kane of jukebox musicals.' He just might have been selling it short.
1.0 The movie never feels like a nostalgia trip. It moves, breathes and sings with life.
0.8 As invigorating and funny now as it was on its original release half a century ago, A Hard Day's Night offers both a perfect showcase for the Beatles and an intriguing snapshot of fast-changing, early-1960s British society.
0.8 It's pure joy as I Should Have Known Better, And I Love Her and Tell Me Why pour out over footage of thousands of screaming, weeping schoolgirls with bouffant hair and miniskirts pursuing John, Paul, George and Ringo.
1.0 Pure, delirious, irresistible joy.
0.8 Part musical bonanza, part laugh-out-loud farce, part satirical social document.
1.0 It's more than a movie; it's a key artifact (minus must or muss) of a cultural phenomenon.
1.0 At a time when Elvis and Cliff were still making old-style musicals, this forerunner of the modern music video smashed the mould.
1.0 An anarchic, ground-breaking breath of fresh air that weaves a fictional romp around a chaotic day in the life of the Fab Four as they try to make it to their big show.
0.8 A Hard Day's Night looks chaotic and slapdash enough (and just occasionally, for me, depressing enough) to count as an experimentalist or underground movie.
0.8 The simple joys of mucking about are captured in this madcap concert tour farce with the Beatles.
0.8 Richard Lester was the man born to direct this kinetic, kaleidoscopic comedy-with-songs, starring a quartet still fresh from the first gusts of chart-topping fame.
1.0 Comes bouncing at you from every angle, rubbery and untameable with the joys of teenagehood.
1.0 Rejected the status quo with an irreverent, quick-cutting documentary style that could fairly be described as mod, rocking and mocking.
0.8 Of its time, sure, but eternally entertaining.
1.0 Make a date to catch this on the big screen and be rewarded with pure magic.
1.0 Even when the band plays away from private eyes or songs simply play over disconnected footage of them having fun, the strength of their songcraft is stirring.
1.0 Beatles classic as fabulous as the Fab Four.
1.0 The best British film of the 1960s.
1.0 Director Richard Lester and writer Alun Owen (who has never gotten the credit he deserves) treat us to a fanciful day in the life of the Beatles, filmed in 1964 at (they thought) the peak of the Fab Four's popularity.
1.0 See it for no other reason than the fact that it's all too rare you can spend 87 minutes smiling and feeling positive about life.
1.0 That Lester and the Beatles got away with the irreverent and superb Hard Day's Night is, by today's standards, a miracle.
1.0 The cinema has had many landmarks, but few have been as entertaining.
0.8 It's a fine conglomeration of madcap clowning in the old Marx Brothers' style, and it is done with such a dazzling use of camera that it tickles the intellect and electrifies the nerves.
1.0 Everything about this movie is a smile.
0.92 The result still seems fresh and different decades later.
0.875 Captures the Beatles when they still looked like they were having fun, back before drugs and psychedelia and Yoko Ono took effect.
0.75 A breezy slice of silliness that pretty much has the Beatles playing themselves.
1.0 A love letter to innocence and euphoria and the sheer lifting joy of great pop music.
0.8 It's hard to estimate the effect the film had on the future of movies, television, and society in general.
0.9 The deadpan humor and non-sequiturs are delivered with such dry perfection you often find yourself rewinding to see if you really heard what you think you did. (And you did.)
1.0 A time capsule preserving the Fab Four's charisma, joy, and youthful exuberance.
0.7 Beatles fans will get a kick out of this, but those who don't worship at the Beatle shrine may be a bit flustered by its complete lack of a plot and incomprehensible accents.
1.0 One of the most influential films of the past 40 years gets the spit and polish for a reissue -- and it still hasn't aged at all.
0.8 Richard Lester's innovative film, the Beatles' debut feature, is a timewarp memento of that brief 1963-4 phase in their history known as Beatlemania.
1.0 Great band, great music, great film. Not only that, it remains a fascinating portrait of Britain on the cusp of change.
1.0 This delightful cinematic masterpiece answers the question "Do we still love them?" with a resounding "Yeah! Yeah! Yeah!"
0.8 A Hard Day's Night remains a highly lovable movie.
1.0 Younger fans can see what Beatlemania was really all about.
0.9 Don't even try to keep a smile off of your face and a song out of your heart while watching the film. It's just not possible.
1.0 One of the great life-affirming landmarks of the movies.
1.0 The documentary style of this movie masks its tight construction, clever script, and sublime anarchy second only to the Marx brothers.
0.9 Captured forever here in a filmic bottle is pop-culture lightning, not only Beatles magic and energy but the spirit of the early 60s that sustained it.
1.0 The rock and roll movie against which all others are measured.
0.9 Director Richard Lester's pop masterpiece is back and better than ever.
0.625 A vanity project, sure. But Hart is one painfully funny little dude.
0.5 Hart is the comic equivalent of a journeyman musician with a lot of clever licks and one good trick. Once you've seen it, you have little appetite for more.
0.6 Compact comic Kevin Hart completed a wildly successful 90-city tour this year and he's got the movie to prove it.
0.4 The problem with paying big-screen prices for a stand-up special is that you really have to like the comic to feel you're getting your money's worth.
0.75 Thankfully, Kevin Hart's Laugh at My Pain lives up to only half of its title: it is certainly all about the laughs.
0.7 A couple of adornments - one before the concert footage, one after - flesh out this funny, profanity-heavy movie nicely.
0.5 Brace yourself to laugh as much at the irreverent funnyman's profane language as at his pain!
0.375 Fans may enjoy their Idol songs and parents may appreciate its wholesomeness, but there's little else to recommend in this throwback to the '60s Beach Blanket movies.
0.25 What's depressing about From Justin to Kelly, whose title seems to refer to the text messages he sends her, is that it's been made without a lick of love, skill, or, apparently, money.
0.4 Idol film expands 15 minutes of fame.
0.2 The movie is billed as a romantic musical comedy. You coulda fooled me.
0.0 Watching them lock lips feels like incest propaganda: Justin and Kelly are offspring of the same publicity machinery, after all
0.3 From Justin to Kelly is bad, but Glitter is still worse because Glitter thinks it's a great movie.
0.0 From Justin to Kelly is just one of those films, a bottomless well of snark fodder that may come and go in theatres but will surely be spun innumerable times on DVD at parties in the years to come.
0.0 Moulin Rouge ... Chicago ... From Justin to Kelly ... two steps forward and then about 16 steps back for the film musical.
0.5 Fans of the television show may show up for this one, but given that an American Idol sequel has already ended its run, audiences are likely to find it stale.
0.4 It's more dumbfounding that so much time is wasted on a cast of unknowns, second-stringers granted solos long before Kelly or Justin take center stage. Why not support with other first-season alums?
0.5 Messages that read 'I O U A BRGR. U GAME?' ... propel the plot forward. Alas, all the scenes in which Prince hijacks the cell phones have been left on the cutting room floor.
0.25 It was produced by people who saw nothing in it but a few quick bucks, filled with songs that no one would want to hear again and starring two people who have no business at the center of any movie.
0.3 I don't think any young A-list duo could have triumphed over this production.
0.25 I hope they don't wait this long for Rubin's film.
0.6 A pleasant little boy-meets-girl musical.
0.2 Move over, Mariah Carrey, there's a new kid in town and she's got a movie that out-Glitters Glitter.
0.25 [From Justin to Kelly] is basically a more wholesome MTV Dance Party, the musical festivities interrupted every so often to search for a plot.
0.25 From Justin to Kelly may be right out of the Frankie Avalon and Annette Funicello scrapbook, but that's not the movie they are making here.
0.25 From Justin to Kelly [is] completely awful.
0.2 The entire movie is vaguely unsettling.
0.375 An 80-minute cavalcade of music-video-style numbers, strung together with little fits of dialogue for pretty, gym-toned performers who are given the names of characters.
0.25 Arguably the most insipid movie released so far this century.
0.25 From Justin to Kelly is 81 minutes of beach blanket bunkum, with the cast of cute kids bursting into song every now and then to cover up a romance that never ignites.
0.25 Despite all the constant discussion of raging hormones, hot babes and whipped-cream bikini contests, the movie is Disney-clean and curiously asexual.
0.2 Not many people really expected From Justin to Kelly to be any good. But was it too much to ask that it at least have a plot?
0.1 I realize this effort wasn't intended for the likes of me or most anyone over the age of early teendom. Yet, did it really have to be this bad and painful to witness?
0.0 Now I know how all those people felt 21 years ago when The Pirate Movie came out. This will make all the 12-year-old fans in the audience want to take up smoking, drinking, impregnating and aborting.
0.5 [Guarini] is a hopeless case. ... [But] acting lessons and a costume designer who can flatter her non-anorexic figure could turn Clarkson into a movie star.
0.625 Where are Frankie and Annette?
0.375 The would-be romantic comedy is a PG-rated musical that's as dull as dishwater.
0.375 This movie is a joke, and I know it as both critic and fan.
0.5 A sweet, innocuous musical romance, the cinema version of a carnival's cotton candy.
0.5 This too-many -generations-removed copy of Where the Boys Are (1960) is crammed with energetic but artless musical numbers that feature lip-synching multitudes and uninspired choreography.
0.2 Why assemble a movie that the majority of American Idol's audience would be embarrassed to go see?
0.125 The choreography is flat and lifeless; the pop songs are thoroughly disposable, mass-produced trash; and the lip-synching and sound mix have to be some of the worst ever for a big studio motion picture.
0.375 ...schmaltzy...sitting through the bubble gum banality of FJTK is enough to make poor Beach vets Frankie and Annette (and the rest of us for that matter) bury their delusional heads in the sand.
0.75 A gloriously cheesy movie, the guilty pleasure to beat this summer!
0.25 It's sad that after Moulin Rouge and Chicago worked so hard to resurrect the musical, From Justin to Kelly had to go and kill it all over again.
0.125 From Justin to Kelly has the potential to be almost cultishly kitschy if the songs were even remotely interesting, but they're just more of the same trite pop garbage we've come to expect from our American Idols.
0.0 Some people wait a lifetime for a turkey like this -- and for them,'From Justin to Kelly' will provide a holiday feast. ...a spectacularly wretched musical melodrama.
0.5 This film knows the lyrics, but not the music.
0.3 Absent the actual music, Notorious would be a lot worse.
0.625 Though it never quite devolves into pure hagiography, the film's central tale of crack dealer made good is sometimes a little too hokey for its own good.
0.3 You've heard of laundering money? Well, this film biography of rapper Notorious B.I.G. has all the earmarks of--not monetary but morality cleansing.
0.625 [An] intermittently entertaining but thoroughly conventional Biggie biopic.
0.5 While the script provides ample illustrations of Wallace's tough life, there is not enough focus on what set the recording star apart from his peers or why he became so incredibly popular so quickly.
0.8 A swaggering delve into the life of the biggest of all rappers.
0.6 It isn't the most subtle movie, with characters constantly spelling out the big message - in order to change the world, you first have to change yourself.
0.4 A hagiographical whitewash.
0.6 For his legions of fans there's nothing new to discover about their flawed, but musically gifted, hero in a movie that, for them at least, will only serve to add to his legend.
0.6 Now in blows the myth of the myth: a brashly entertaining biopic.
0.4 This team have smoothed over the details of Biggie's rags-to-riches ascent, they haven't succeeded in making it terribly interesting.
0.4 This film by George Tillman Jr is less about the street politics and more about the slushy soap opera going on at home.
0.0 This is Hollywood hagiography at its most patronising and preposterous - a product, as well as a celebration, of a diseased, materialistic culture.
0.6 Fans of Biggie will find a thrill in watching Jamal Woolard bring him back to life after death.
0.4 A hip hop hagiography that plays like a straight-to-TV movie.
0.333333333333 As mainstream hip hop becomes ever more predictable, so do the biopics about its stars.
0.6 Notorious is undeniably entertaining and Woolard's excellent, but ultimately the film buys a little too much into hip hop's frequent misogyny and Wallace's enforced sainthood.
0.4 This is an MTV-friendly, slick and styled production that tells one version of a very murky story and does it with plenty of energy but little imagination.
0.6 It's ultimately a generic music biopic.
0.4 Notorious plays even more conventional than Eminem's 8 Mile or 50 Cent's Get Rich or Die Tryin', with its TV movie predictability (rueful voiceover and all) taking the gangsta out of gangsta rap.
0.4 Shooting shy of scandal, Notorious turns the life of Biggie Smalls into an off-the-peg cautionary yarn. Aside from Woolard's larger-the-life lead turn, it's strictly B.I.G. for beginners.
0.6 A fitfully fascinating rise-and-demise yarn that will probably leave hip-hop fans underwhelmed while also alienating middlebrow audiences hoping for an inspirational night out.
0.6 Although guilty of assuming too much pre-knowledge on the viewer's part, it's a solid rap opus that snarls down Eminem's 8 Mile with heavyweight confidence.
0.6 Before giving in to sentiment, the film struggles to make us like this talented man who never quite grew up.
0.4 It's bang-average biopic fodder but fans will enjoy the attention to detail and hearing Biggie tracks on a cinema soundsystem.
0.6 A watchable, if admittedly one-sided, biopic with a handful of strong performances, though it rarely scratches the surface of its subject and wears out its welcome long before the end.
0.7 Jamal Woolard is an inspired piece of casting in the title role, not disguising sweetness behind the macho and arrogant gangsta facade.
0.6 the first drama about a hip-hop star's personal and professional life, rather than the culture itself, and it is worthwhile.
0.7 Even though it brings little that's new or innovative to the table, "Notorious" is a must for anyone even moderately interested in the history of hip-hop in the 1990s.
0.75 It's always interesting to watch real life unfold.
0.875 Notorious is a well-made, compelling, and ultimately humane film, even if you don't like rap music.
0.5 I never bought into the chase-your-dream theme. The dream that Biggie sought was not anything that Martin Luther King would have taken pride in.
0.5 Biggie lived a HUGE life in only 24 years, but this film has two hours and never sells me. Isn't selling what Sean 'Puffy' Combs is supposed to be an expert at?
1.0 A relentlessly-unapologetic immorality play about a bona fide ghetto gangsta' apt to entertain even Joe Six-Pack to the extent Middle America is inclined to buy into the Hip-Hop Generation's mantra, 'Don't hate the playa, hate the game.'
0.5 [Director] George Tillman Jr. and the two unknown film writers...are burying you in minutiae and putting way too much of a positive spin on the life of a common thug.
0.6 I kind of expect a puff piece with Sean Combs as the producer... pun intended.
0.6 Gritty, affecting rapper biopic is too intense for kids.
0.41 Notorious sticks pretty well to the actual events of Biggie's life, at least the famous ones, but it has little to say about the man that's not available on his Wikipedia entry.
0.625 Notorious is like a piece of well-crafted bling. It looks good, and facets of it shine, but behind the gilded facade there's not much there.
0.625 This tale of triumph and tragedy within hip hop's elite is intelligent, gripping and far less sensationalistic than anyone could have expected.
0.75 When it comes to the outsized character at its center, Notorious is the rich, complicated and affectionate tribute he deserves.
0.625 The best thing about Notorious is its across-the-board, excellent cast, especially the soulful Woolard and Mackie's mesmerizing work as the complex Shakur.
0.625 Lacks the irresistible bump of Biggie's music and the flow of his rhymes; unlike Wallace, the filmmakers don't create anything fresh from the elements 'sampled' from the art (in this case, musical movie biographies) of the past...
0.5 It must have been an act of great restraint for Sean Combs to resist titling this film, about Chris Wallace, his close friend turned rapper and cultural icon, The Notorious B.I.G. -- The Sean Combs Story.
0.75 The film might have been just another middling musical biopic had the lead role not been so perfectly cast.
0.4 No fire in this tale about one of rap music's most notorious shooting stars.
0.8 George Tillman Jr.'s film may follow the well-worn path of many a musical biography. But spot-on casting, a light touch around the edges and affection for its subject makes this warts-and-all look at the big man with the big hits a winner.
0.625 The script lets too much slide, and director George Tillman Jr. -- whose biggest films have been Soul Food and the Barbershop franchise -- abets it.
0.6 The film takes a greatest-hits approach to its subject's life story, condensing his rise to fame, fall from grace and steps towards redemption into an easily digestible narrative that entertains, but rarely enlightens.
0.75 Closer to Scorsese than Scarface, Notorious gives a heartfelt yet clear-eyed sendoff to the late Brooklyn rapper Christopher Wallace, aka Biggie Smalls aka the Notorious B.I.G.
0.8 It's unlikely there will be a better dramatization of the Biggie Smalls story than this one.
0.5 Notorious obviously loves its protagonist, but the movie can't get past its own starstruck awe.
0.7 Notorious has a fine time along the way, with Woolard channeling the rapper's sweetness and wit as comfortably as his pathos.
0.625 Notorious is hagiography with guns, grass and flesh, but it's a kind of whitewash all the same.
0.5 Notorious is slightly better than the average hip-hop biopic (50 Cent's Get Rich or Die Tryin' among them). But the Great American Hip-Hop Film is still out there somewhere, waiting to be told.
0.8 The performances and the passion fueling this film are astounding.
0.75 A vivid biopic of the larger-than-life rap star that doesn't require you be a big fan of the genre.
0.5 This flick smoothes out the roughest edges, drains off the rawness and blandly retraces the narrative arc of every musical biopic since The Jazz Singer.
0.5 Notorious, directed by George Tillman Jr. with a sentimental touch, seems torn.
0.75 If you give this fictionalized film biography a try, you may find yourself caught up in his troubled and complicated rise to prominence -- like me.
0.625 An enjoyably ridiculous entertainment about a pursy young man with mysterious sex appeal who turns the rap world on its ear.
0.75 [Director Tillman has] imbued Biggie's story with emotions that bring home the full arc of a tumultuous, complicated life. That's why you don't have to love hip-hop to be glad you've seen Notorious.
0.75 Although one may question how objective it is, considering it's produced by Wallace's mother and Sean "P. Diddy" Combs, 'Notorious' is explosive, fun and entertaining.
0.7 I can honestly see people hating this film but for fans of Biggie's music like myself, the film is a great memorial to one of the best rappers ever.
0.625 The film's unhurried, uncompressed feel yields many juicy moments worth savoring.
0.5 Anyone looking for a dispassionate, evenhanded account of the life of Biggie Smalls will be disappointed, perhaps even dismayed, by Notorious.
0.4 This is a disappointingly conventional film that offers up all the key moments of B.I.G's life and a lot of his music but which fails at making the case for the ultimate importance of either one.
0.6 Notorious doesn't quite convey how hip-hop felt in the '90s ... (but) it manages to put a few new scratches and stutters into the beats and breaks of the conventional pop-star movie.
0.875 An evocative recreation of a decade-past (!) time in music whose creative, cultural, and social influences continue to resonate in the landscape today.
0.375 If Notorious was meant to play as tragedy, it misses that mark by leaps and bounds. It's difficult to weep for a person who lived the years he was given as a rotten, big-headed soul with few, if any, redeeming qualities.
0.25 We may never find out who killed Tupac and Biggie, but whoever made this movie could be guilty of assassinating their memories and character
0.3 ignores what Biggie was, a great artist who believed in the power of storytelling, and transforms him into the flawed saint that he never was and, more importantly, never wanted to be
0.625 It's as if the filmmakers didn't trust Woolard to carry the emotional weight of Wallace's story. They should have.
0.5 The film's Achilles' heel proves to be this sense of survivor's guilt that's too often M.I.A.
0.5 Notorious won't ever be mistaken for investigative journalism, but it will help solidify Wallace's legacy as a hip-hop innovator while also explaining it all to those who were unaware and providing a sentimental re-creation for the legions of fans.
0.625 Notorious is an efficient biopic, and a celebratory exercise in nostalgia for hip-hop fans of a certain age.
0.625 Even when this 'authorized' movie biography makes you long for the 'explicit' version, Woolard's tour de force finds the human details that forged an artist and lets Biggie fly.
0.625 What really saves Notorious are the performances of rapper Jamal Woolard, who captures some of The Notorious B.I.G.'s playful charm, and newcomer Naturi Naughton, who dazzles early on as the fiery Lil' Kim.
0.7 The rare music biopic that leaves you not just humming the songs but thinking about life and death, the strategy of fame, and the business of the business.
0.875 Notorious is a good film in many ways, but its best achievement is the casting of Jamal Woolard, a rapper named Gravy, in the title role.
0.5 If there's a guide book on how to create a standard rags-to-riches music biopic, the makers of Notorious must have memorized every page.
0.75 Biggie is played well by newcomer Jamal Woolard, who not only looks the part but has the moves of a slick street rapper down.
0.6 What's most annoying about Notorious is that whatever bad thing that Biggie ever does gets paved over by the end of the film.
0.75 In the first surprise of this short year, this little movie about a big rapper is a worthy testament to the man who would be B.I.G, and the first truly good Hip Hop biopic.
0.8 Kicks off with the usual rapper braggadocio of a childhood on the cutthroat street corners, then slyly cuts to a chubby A-student nerd known as "Chrissy-poo" to mom Voletta.
0.5 The untold side of the story haunts the frames of this standard-issue biopic.
0.333333333333 Notorious delivers nothing but clumsy filmmaking and a greatest-hits checklist, without offering insight into the man or his myth. If you don't know now...you still won't know.
0.25 If there's something praiseworthy about Notorious, it's that it pulls off the remarkable, ignominious feat of making its deceased subject less likeable than one remembers.
0.833333333333 An investment that has paid off by producing an unexpectedly lyrical and poetic portrait.
0.8 Marion Cajori makes a brave attempt to grapple with a subject who resists explanation; while she may not always succeed, the journey is frequently illuminating.
0.4 Despite Bourgeois's on-camera effusiveness, this film suffers a little from curtailing much background information; but fans of Bourgeois as a personality will find a lot to like here.
1.0 The film stands alone as a remarkable achievement, as intimate a portrayal of a living artist as one could ask for. And a likeable one at that.
0.7 One sonorous waltz through an enchanted domain.
0.75 Remembrances by aides and relatives plus antique photos and close-ups of her work -- including her iconic giant spiders -- round out the loving film.
0.5 Frequently roving around and taking awe at Bourgeois's massive artwork, the filmmakers may understand the artist as a woman and a living creature but they often treat her as if she herself were a museum piece.
0.875 Art world iconoclast, feminist icon, cranky old Frenchwoman with a sharp tongue and a gothic family history: Artist and sculptor Louise Bourgeois is all these things and more.
0.9 This uncommonly elegant and evocative portrait of Louise Bourgeois reveals much about the haunting and haunted master while leaving intact the thing you cannot explain.
0.6 As strong as the music is, there's not much tying Rent together; it's a series of sequences, not a story.
0.3 film, za razliku od predstave, daleko bolje isti%u010De jednodimenzionalnost i neuvjerljivost likova
0.5 Recommended, but only for shut-ins who can't make it to a local live theater production of the play.
0.5 For all the big themes Rent deals with -- love, death, injustice, community -- it still seems a bit superficial
0.4 Fans of the original stage production won't be disappointed, but as a film it's frequently tedious and way too long.
0.625 Beautiful cinematography and great acting assure an enjoyable experience for fans of the musical, but there are better options for people who don't already love it.
0.375 It comes off like a sequel to the ever-annoying Fame where the kids never moved out of New York or learned anything from Debbie Allen.
0.6 Even more universally entertaining than "Chicago"....the performances are sensational..you'll be definitely humming some of its tunes in the car ride home
0.8 Despite my frustration at the willful stupidity of some of the main characters, I had to just sit back and let all that beautiful singing wash over me.
0.6 If you are a fan of the show, you will very likely enjoy the film.
0.75 What we're left with, in place of directorial pizzazz, is the sheer impact of the original show.
0.625 Rent features an attractive cast, sharp lyrics, bright music and a storyline that has passed muster for over 100 years
0.2 People are always jumping up on tables, bartops, any flat surface available, as if to say 'Who needs nice furniture? Let's scuff the world!'
0.8 The material is real, and Columbus goes at it head-on, moving from dialogue to song and back again without awkwardness or apology.
0.5 Rent, for all its feel-good desperation and plague-battered bonhomie, arrives in theatres with the curious but unmistakable air of an artifact from another time, even another world.
0.875 "Rent" is worth saving up for.
0.8 Columbus has made his finest, most emotionally rich film yet.
0.5 The outre flip side of Friends... Larson's Big Apple is smaller and seedier than most, and ripe for parody.
0.68 For those who dig Larson's vision, Rent is a wild, emotional rush through the cold streets and tattered bodies and souls, with gripping music to boot.
0.625 Although it is indeed an entertaining and noble attempt to bring the hugely popular Broadway musica Rent to the big screen, something is unfortunately lost in the translation.
0.4 There were times where I was convinced that '525,600 minutes' wasn't a lyric, but the actual running time of the film.
0.75 Easy to like and even easier to hum.
0.5 "Rent" needed to be directed by a Martin Scorsese or a Spike Lee, a director with both a gift for gritty material and a confidence and familiarity with shooting New York City.
0.75 while I can admire the film for its efforts, Rent comes across as a somewhat lackluster performance when compared to the stage version that I so dearly love.
0.375 A stylistic mess all around.
0.8 Rent reminds me of the first Harry Potter in many ways, in that it's directed modestly well but without any flair or personality
0.875 The cast is uniformly amazing, but special mention must be made of Rosario Dawson, who's sexy as hell and a surprisingly great singer.
0.75 Rent works best as a centaur creation: half-movie, half-play, plunging into theater world in all its mindless, cheesy, sentimental splendor.
0.5 RENT is mediocre and recommended only to those who can claim a familiarity with the play.
0.375 A mediocre, unimaginative, inefficient filmmaker, Columbus delivers a Rent that isn't so much bad as perfunctory.
0.4 something more is needed than a thumbed nose at convention to make a work dazzle and RENT, the movie, doesn't dazzle, in fact it's barely able to stifle a yawn
0.625 'Rent' has come to the screen too late to have any real impact...
0.75 Rent may not be the same transformative experience on film as it was on the stage, but Jonathan Larson's creation is strong enough to withstand a shift in mediums with plenty of its appeal still intact.
0.5 Wait for the 'rent'-al.
0.6 Onscreen, the musical numbers at times feel episodic and the narrative loses momentum.
0.4 It seemed to be what a modern Judy Garland/Mickey Rooney musical would turn into if the characters were hooked on heroin and AZT.
0.4 Yes, they may warble about poverty, AIDS and rebellion, but it's hard to care.
0.75 ...that rare musical that just might appeal to folks that ordinarily shun the genre.
0.375 'Five hundred twenty-five thousand, six hundred minutes.' These opening lyrical lines of Rent also seem to describe how long it takes for a viewer to sit through the movie.
0.9 Chris Columbus has managed to make his first great film. (this despite the odious characters who we're supposed to love)
0.8 Vibrant, energetic, exuberantly powerful
0.625 In a stagy way, Chris Columbus' adaptation captures this Generation-X attitude toward relationships with pinpoint accuracy -- even if it captures little raw emotion.
0.625 Director Chris Columbus has done what any smart filmmaker would do with a musical and let the songs dictate his movie.
1.0 When all is said and done, "Rent" is a celebration of life, no matter how you are forced to face it. ...a testament that all of us should live those 525,600 minutes like each one is our last.
0.625 Most of the musical numbers aren't stylized (a natty tango number is an exception) but based in a Hollywood-gritty reality that at times feels silly.
0.5 The scourge of rock-opera, a musical mutation that manages to combine the least savory elements of both with the advantages of neither.
0.875 If nothing else, the movie reveals Jonathan Larson's musical to be an illuminating time capsule of a wild period immediately before and after the scourge of AIDS.
0.75 Treasuring what Larson and his young cast did, Columbus has made it vital again, showbizzy but only sometimes corny.
0.75 Rent offers rambunctious rock 'n' roll moments not seen on-screen since Hair and Fame.
1.0 The strong cast matches a score and a script with enough rich humor and humanity to entice viewers.
1.0 Don't miss Rent.
0.625 In terms of its music and lyrics Rent flickers more than it flames.
0.4 They're saying Rent was of its moment. They're saying that moment has passed. So the point of making the movie is . . . ?
0.625 Rent takes to the streets of New York and convulses in song and dance for nearly two solid hours.
0.75 Now a vastly larger audience has the chance to experience the masterwork of a prodigiously talented man who died far too young.
0.5 Why is it that struggling artists who sing, paint or write about their struggles usually seem to produce the worst art?
0.9 RENT continues the excellence that Moulin Rouge and Chicago forged for the rebirth of the cinematic musical.
0.9 Inspired by La Boheme, its emotions are still operatic, but the score, for the most part, is good old rock 'n' roll.
0.8 Larson's music has been given an intoxicating urgency, and the performances are outstanding.
0.625 The music and direction feel generic but the cast deserves credit for squeezing every possible drop of emotion out of the material.
0.375 You'll hear more soul in your parents' scratchy collection of Ray Conniff albums.
0.5 Too often seems like a late-season American Idol episode that's all Abdul encouragement without any Simon snarkiness.
0.625 Besides these soaring, grand slam sequences, the film dips too often into thudding melancholy, lifeless numbers or dangling subplots.
0.625 Rent falls betwixt and between the odd intimacy of theater and the glorious bigness of film -- and vice versa.
0.625 [Columbus] launders the grit right out of Rent, choosing to give the movie the glossy and faux shadowy look of a Bud Light commercial.
0.75 If you fell in love with the big-hearted sentimentality of Rent when you saw it onstage, the film version will remind you why.
0.8 Definitely fits in the tearjerker category... so if you want something besides holiday cheer, there's no day like today to check this out.
0.5 Yes, Rent is about penniless artists who can't afford to eat or pay their electric bills. But must their straits extend to the threadbare filmmaking, too?
1.0 If Rent works -- and most of the time, it does so flawlessly -- it is because it remains Rent.
0.125 Broad stereotypes engaged in shallow versions of complex issues.
0.5 There's a moment in which Roger (Adam Pascal), the burnout rocker, singingly accuses Mimi of looking 16. She could have easily retorted, "You look 40."
0.2 No wonder these idiots are broke.
0.7 Though the storyline is sparse and it's about 30 minutes longer than it needs to be, there's still something about it that's hard to shake.
0.625 If you have any appreciation for the art of the movie musical, Rent is pretty much a washout.
0.2 Rent is commodified faux bohemia on a platter, eliciting the same kind of numbing soul-sadness as children's beauty pageants, tiny dogs in expensive boots, Mahatma Gandhi in Apple ads.
0.5 Rent showcases the hipster trend of getting nostalgic about grime and crime: it's slumtimental.
0.625 Ultimately, the emphasis on flash disengages viewers from the story's emotional core, which is the exact opposite of what Larson intended.
0.7 Chris Columbus's film affirms that Rent belongs in the pantheon of immortal musicals celebrating the self-dramatizing and resilient spirit of youth.
0.625 Those who haven't seen Rent on the stage will sense they're missing something, and they are.
0.625 [Afield] from its off-Broadway origins, but the intimacy afforded by the camera and...most of the original cast occasionally restore the emotional vitality of the piece.
0.7 If nothing else, it's now a revisitable, visually represented document of a very good show.
0.375 Think Angels In America crossed with Tommy created by someone with no training in the world of drama or songwriting.
0.875 Once it develops ... Rent is a moving, emotional film with some exciting music.
0.8 one of the most refreshingly exuberant films of the year
0.625 The film should please fans who helped make the play a hit and its soundtrack a bestseller -- but it is unlikely to spread the love to many new converts.
0.75 The soul of Larson's then-timely passion play is intact; bring on the Sing-A-Long version.
1.0 Viva la vie boheme. ...largely throws out the Hollywood rule book and remains refreshingly true to composer Jonathan Larson's Pulitzer-winning original.
0.625 This is a well-constructed and achingly earnest movie that should be put in a time machine and sent back a decade, when it was relevant.
0.25 Whatever qualities powered Rent to its numerous theater awards and long run onstage are missing from this charmless floperetta.
0.5 Without the immediacy you get from live theater, you're always going to feel at arm's length listening to people sing simple bits of dialogue like 'I'm so mad I don't know what to do,' or, um, 'Hello.'
0.625 If Columbus had a concept for the movie, it's not evident, and many of his decisions feel random.
0.875 An emotional, exhilarating experience, Rent is alive with such boundless energy and joy that it is one of the year's most purely entertaining cinematic efforts.
0.5 No amount of confident theatrical pedigree will carry a movie musical in the wrong directorial hands.
0.625 In a lot of ways the film treatment many fans have envisioned for years, and that's the problem; it doesn't quite communicate how special and affecting the material is to those unfamiliar with it.
0.5 The film's reliance on too many thematically obvious (though marvelously belted) group songs delays evocative conversations like an overdue rent check.
0.35 Proves that lame musicals tend to make even lamer movies.
0.4 Get a job for God's sake, people, and bring back some better songs while you're out.
0.5 [How is it?] Loud and shrill. Bring earplugs. Seriously.
1.0 Spend some of the 525,600 minutes allotted to you this year with this soulful rock musical and it will speak passionately to the romantic and rebel within you.
1.0 Mr. Columbus, I apologize for doubting in you!
0.625 One would have to be made of stone not to respond to at least something in this vivid score, and it sounds marvelous.
0.6 Seeing this musical journey reduced to a screen with speakers is like staring at the Mona Lisa through a layer of glass. It just doesn't have the same impact.
0.8 I haven't seen this much tightly packed multi-talent squeezing the melodic and emotional juices out of a ripe theme since Fame in 1980.
1.0 "Nobody's perfect" is the last line. Wilder, Lemmon, Curtis and Monroe come pretty close.
1.0 Fifty-five years old and still a comedy masterpiece.
0.4 Everyone has a canonical classic which they just don't get. This one is mine.
1.0 Brilliant performances, wondrous comic timing and the greatest pay-off line ever written: this one's still red hot.
1.0 Here is one of those movies that persists beyond the implications of a mere time frame, resonating with audiences like a very fine wine.
1.0 Re-viewing Some Like It Hot is invariably a rewarding experience, not because it is a great comedy but because it is a great movie.
1.0 The preeminent comedy of anima...effervescent and breezily paced, from the car-chase opening to the big finish capped with one of the all-time-great punchlines. [Blu-ray]
1.0 One of the wildest romantic farces ever.
1.0 The film's final line is legendary, though I have a soft spot for Jerry's description of a sashaying Sugar: "Look at that! Look how she moves! That's just like Jell-O on springs!"
1.0 The Great American Comedy (if you discount the Marx Brothers).
1.0 This is a flawlessly scripted, superbly performed and endlessly witty comedy that deserves its place among the all-time greats.
0.9 It is, like Ms. Monroe, a beautiful thing.
1.0 The laughs never get old.
1.0 Wilder gave his audience credit for being as smart as he was, and, boy, they don't make 'em like that anymore, but they oughtta.
1.0 Nobody's Perfect, says Joe E. Brown after proposing to Jack Lemmon, but Billy Wilder came close with his racy, witty, much ahead of its time comedy about cross-dressing, impotence, and gender bender, with Lemmon, Curtis and Marilyn Monroe in top form.
1.0 Only top ranked episodes of the Jerry Springer show provide more laughs and surprises from two con men made up to look like women.
1.0 Arguably the best American comedy.
1.0 A dazzling screwball that holds up decades later.
0.8 Very funny Billy Wilder film, but not as good as its legend.
0.75 ...more likely to elicit smiles and chuckles rather than full-fledged belly laughs.
1.0 This is one of the wildest farces ever filmed, but it has a lot of heart as well.
1.0 Manages to be a complete winner on every level.
0.625 Always manage[s] to spoil the fun with elaboration.
1.0 I wish I could watch it again for the first time.
1.0 One of the greatest comedies ever.
1.0 Wilder's wise-cracking, gender-bending farce is a perfectly pitched comedy of romance and masquerade
0.8 Some of the wittiest one-liners on film.
1.0 The American Film Institute voted it the number-one funniest movie of all time...an effervescent laugh riot with few equals.
0.9 You'll have a hard time finding a faster paced comedy, nor one that delivers it all so flawlessly.
0.8 Some Like It Hot does cool off considerably now and again, but Mr. Wilder and his carefree clowns keep it crackling and funny most of the time.
1.0 Wilder's 1959 comedy is one of the enduring treasures of the movies, a film of inspiration and meticulous craft.
1.0 Expands a one-joke premise with hysterical results, due in no small part to the contributions of the near-perfect ensemble, with each of the major characters shining like a perfect jewel.
0.75 A powerful portrait of emotional endurance, propelled by the outstanding performances of Bassett and Fishburne, both of whom lend a crucial dimension to the gradual redundancies of Kate Lanier's otherwise insightful screenplay.
0.75 Their nuanced performances give a spectrum of emotional shadings to a black-and-white script that casts Tina as the Beauty to Ike's unreconstructed Beast.
0.75 [Fishburne's] performance is the one X factor in What's Love Got To Do With It, which in most respects is an entertaining if conventional pop star biography.
0.6 Angela Bassett is a wonderfully sympathetic screen presence who may have a big career ahead of her.
0.9 Though the picture rightfully belongs to Bassett, a final word must be said about Fishburne, who never fails to make Ike seem human if not defensible. Even in defeat, he is remarkably compelling.
0.8 Basset genuinely holds your sympathy as the little country girl Anna Mae Bullock, singing and suffering her way to superstardom and personal liberation, [and] Fishburne is sensational.
0.5 Brian Gibson, who directed the script by Kate Lanier, seems to have trouble taking charge of his material as he skips through the years.
1.0 A powerful, joyful, raw, energetically acted bio-pic detailing the joys and pain of the on- and offstage lives of blues rockers Ike and Tina Turner.
0.875 It's an astonishing movie, first because despite the pathology of the relationship, it's not only about victimization; it's a celebration of spirit, both religious and human, about a woman who finally found the guts (and the faith) to say "No more."
0.75 Fishburne and Bassett are both extraordinary, and though the story is inevitably slanted to Tina's perspective, Fishburne makes Ike a complex and compelling presence.
0.8 Powerful bio of Tina Turner with domestic violence, drugs.
0.75 This biography of rock diva Tina Turner's turbulent life is filled with energetic musical numbers and emotionally charged moments, all anchored by two outstanding lead performances.
0.8 Could have been a made for tv movie but elevated by the work of Bassett and Fishburne.
0.8 Depressing but also terrific. Bassett stuns.
0.6 Angela Bassett, despite bearing little physical resemblance to the singer, is very convincing in her role. Her partner Laurence Fishburne is even more impressive...
0.8 A revealing musical melodrama that shakes as radically as soulful Tina Turner's sweet hips. Both Bassett and Fishburne deliver energetic, Oscar-worthy performances!
0.8 Incendiary performances by Fishburne and Bassett.
0.8 The perfect combination of stellar turns and sensational music
0.8 A celebrity biopic rendered with heartfelt respect; it never shies away from the ugliness in Turner's life, but neither does it exploit it for cheap emotional effect.
0.8 Both stars deserved their Oscar nominations for virtually carrying a picture that looks and sounds great, but is a little oversimplified dramatically.
0.75 Fishburne is excellent in a very unsympathetic role. Ike Turner could so easily have been portrayed as one-dimensional, but the talented Fishburne gives this frightened wife-beater some depth.
0.875 It's a story of pain and courage, uncommonly honest and unflinching, and the next time I hear Tina Turner singing I will listen to the song in a whole new way.
0.75 Powerful, troubling and ultimately inspiring.
0.6 The movie makes us all want to stand up and cheer, "Shine on, Tina. Shine on."
0.75 You don't have to be a Tina Turner fan to appreciate this movie, but, regardless of your opinion of her music, What's Love Got To Do With It cannot fail to impart an impression of her courage and inner strength.
0.7 Baffling.
1.0 Beginning with a...hymn to the...power of musical harmony, SMiLE is the definitive utopian view of the [US] as filtered through the...twilight of the Summer of Love.
0.875 Jennifer Jason Leigh's performance as the sister who lives for her turn in the spotlight electrifies this look at two very different siblings.
0.8 A raw, heartfelt, sometimes painful showcase for Jennifer Jason Leigh's undeniable talent.
0.6 not always on the mark, but certainly challenging
0.875 Georgia is not a simply plotted movie about descent and recovery, but a complex, deeply knowledgeable story about how alcoholism and mental illness really are family diseases.
0.875 A painful though sadly humorous portrait of sisterhood deftly written by Leigh's mom, Barbara Turner, and directed with just-right spareness by Ula Grosbard.
0.75 Leigh's performance is riveting.
0.4 Unless you're just dying to hear Velvet Underground tunes played (badly) at bar mitzvahs, I'd recommend keeping this Georgia off your mind.
0.9 Director/co-writer (along with Joel Rasmussen) wisely lets the artists and former managers (interviews with the leaders of the money-machine corporations are noticeably absent) do the talking in his first-rate essay on the current state of pop music in
0.5 The music industry kicks itself in the butt and vows to go straight as the founding fathers and mothers of rock decry the greed and falsehood that has suddenly crept into pop music.
0.2 There's not a single argument here that's presented well.
0.9 Finally and at long last comes a documentary that asks the question "Why does modern music SUCK SO MUCH?"
0.6 I'd have preferred Laperrousaz to give more information about the music's history. And fans will probably find the film's performance clips annoyingly short.
0.4 Shapeless in form but with the characters and talent on display, this is hardly important.
0.6 Diffuse, but worthwhile.
0.4 Some great performances and a raw taste of life on the streets of Jamaica, but too ragged and rambling to explain why this music matters.
0.6 Unselfconsciously celebratory about a culture teeming with energy and semi-absorbed influences.
0.4 I found it hard to warm to this overlong documentary about new trends in reggae, perhaps because of the sense that all the less savoury aspects of that culture were being softballed.
0.6 The haphazard structure chafes against its gritty aspirations.
0.7 In a move that will either see it written off as lazy or celebrated for its admirable neutrality, Made in Jamaica doesn't provide a straight answer.
0.7 The biggest flaw here is that, despite its excellent music and infectious energy, Lapperrousaz's documentary feels as though it is constantly skating across the top of much bigger issues that you wish he'd investigate.
0.6 The consistently stellar appearances by everyone from Bunny Wailer to Bounty Killer give Laperousaz's movie the same restless and sometimes reckless vitality that has always energized Jamaican music.
0.75 A worthy look at a music born though turmoil with a vision that still resonates globally.
0.6 Made in Jamaica has some charming interludes.
0.5 An affectionate if largely unsatisfying exploration of the musical genre's evolution.
0.8 Disco: Spinning the Sound is...a wonderful primer on the music that defined the 70s.
0.7 ...an impressive example of a highly idealistic nonfiction film.
0.6 An edifying 1983 documentary about the yearning for freedom by the persecuted and downtrodden Mayan peasants of Guatemala.
0.6 Although several segments will appeal to horror aficionados, it often feels like a political statement couched in a format that will appeal to the blood and popcorn crowd.
0.4 Not quite a career low for John Travolta -- Two of a Kind was still to come -- but one he nevertheless would probably love to forget.
0.0 It all amounts to an embarrassing show of unrestrained, Hollywood-style egomania.
0.2 If not quite one of the worst sequels ever made, it's near the top of the list of all-time most disappointing sequels. Writer-director Stallone stupidly attempts to turn Tony Manero into a dancing Rocky.
0.25 A slick, commercial cinematic jukebox, a series of self-contained song-and-dance sequences that could be cut apart and played forever on MTV -- which is probably what will happen.
0.4 Was this sequel really necessary? Nope.
0.3 A sequel with no understanding of what made its predecessor work.
0.4 Saturday Night Fever through the eyes of Stallone.
0.29 So horrific are the musical sequences in this movie that you'll swear you were having nightmares directed by Satan himself.
0.2 1.5
0.4 More like staying dead...a monotonous and unnecessary sequel that has all the grace and flow of a greased hog on rollerskates
0.2 The words 'directed by Sylvester Stallone' say it all.
0.4 This film constantly falls flat on its face.
0.6 The characters are as compelling as you will see in anything else. Banksy is his own antihero of the film, and Guetta is fascinating to watch in his obsessive glory.
0.875 Banksy exposes the con-job that is modern art for what it is.
0.71 Just as clever as the work of Sasha Baron Cohen, but not nearly as culturally worthwhile because it is not nearly as politically candid.
0.375 An irritatingly misguided and pointless piece of work...
1.0 Those tricky questions that lie in the chasm between art and commerce are raised naturally through the progression of the narrative, whether that narrative is partially fabricated or not.
0.6 Curious docu about street artists with some strong language.
0.875 The behind-the-scenes insight into the techniques of illegal street art is fascinating, as is the art-market critique..
0.8 Illustrates how our insistence and abilities in judging and evaluating art are often arbitrary, contradictory, and idiotic.
0.9 After all those debates about the meaning of art ... [who] would have thought that the best and most incisive comments on the argument would have come from street-punk Banksy?
0.8 Regardless of its motives, Gift Shop is a superb work, one that demands the audience ask questions that don't always go down easily...
0.8 A strange oxymoron of a film, like a straight-faced Spinal Tap or a Man On Wire for liars.
0.875 The street artist known as Banksy is witty, he's smart, he's subversive -- and he's compelling. So it stands to reason that the street-art doc he ostensibly hijacked would be all those things, too.
0.9 The plain fact is that, on some level, it doesn't matter whether the film is true or not. Either way, it's fascinating. Either way, we learn a lot. Either way, it's a great film.
0.875 A provocative and absorbing exploration of what constitutes art, the creative process and the power of hype to triumph over talent.
1.0 Either way [as documentary or hoax], the movie speaks the truth about the phoniness and self-adulation of the art world %u2014 which makes it not only fascinating but essential.
1.0 The only thing that may keep "Exit Through the Gift Shop" from winning the Oscar next year for best documentary is that it may be totally untrue. Aside from that, it's a shoo-in.
0.7 Exit Through the Gift Shop is an exhilarating and bewildering experience but like the transient art form that it is expressing, that's sort of the point.
0.875 Is Exit Through the Gift Shop a real documentary or an expert hoax? Does it really matter as long as you're laughing and thinking?
0.8 Is Banksy's film the next great thing in documentary filmmaking? Or are we all on the business end of an admittedly pretty good joke? You decide.
0.9 Be it documentary or mockumentary, art of graffiti, there's no denying that Exit Through the Gift Shop is damn good cinema.
0.7 ...offers 90 minutes of pretty good entertainment. The fact that it may well be just one more stunt by an artist known for stunts doesn't detract in the least from the enjoyment.
0.8 It's endlessly arguable and open for debate. At the very least, we can all agree that Banksy has found a new wall on which to plaster his art -- that of the silver screen.
0.75 Is he playing us? You bet. And quite beautifully. What's exquisite about this romp of a film is figuring out just how much of a mug he's making of us.
0.875 As the documentary morphs into a riddle about art in the marketplace, the eyes of the beholder get crossed, and the dizziness is part of the fun.
1.0 Real or manufactured, Banksy's film is a triumphant deconstruction of the commercial bastardization of art.
0.8 It's a cynical statement, but a statement nonetheless.
0.9 Like Banksy's best street work, it pushes and prods our gullibility buttons and sends the mind swirling with questions of artistic authenticity and intent.
0.9 Even if you are not a fan of street art, this documentary will make you both laugh and teach you that original film making is still out there!
0.75 Exit Through the Gift Shop offers an absorbing glimpse of a bracingly subversive slice of the culture, as well as some tantalizing images of Banksy at work.
0.875 Exit Through the Gift Shop is inspiring, subversive and thrilling.
0.875 Exit Through the Gift Shop, credited as "A Banksy Film," poses some bitingly funny questions about the meaning and value of art. Is it in the eye of the beholder? Is it truth plus beauty? Anything you can get away with? Brainwashing?
0.8 Questions abound, but regardless of the verisimilitude of the film, it is highly entertaining.
0.875 The brilliantly untrustworthy documentary Exit Through the Gift Shop reminds us that a film can start out in one direction and then change course so radically, it becomes an act of provocation unto itself.
0.875 The widespread speculation that Exit Through the Gift Shop is a hoax only adds to its fascination.
0.875 This initiates a role reversal in which documentarian becomes artist and vice versa.
1.0 One of the best, most karmically satisfying comedies of the year, much to the chagrin of the people who are in it.
0.75 Appearing hooded and shrouded in silhouette, his voice electronically altered, Banksy allows that his protege's art might be "a bit of a joke." Could the tale of Guetta -- now known as Mr. Brainwash -- be an elaborate hoax? I'm happy not to be sure.
0.9 Here comes a rich smell drawn from a load of bullsh-t.
0.8 Exit could be a new subgenre: the prankumentary.
0.8 With the release of this wild new documentary, "Exit Through the Gift Shop," you have to wonder how much longer Banksy can remain an art-world phantom.
0.75 The picture adapts a provocative conceit, one that melds its formal construction with the ideas at its core.
0.75 Banksy makes an appealing narrator with a deft grasp of the questions raised.
0.75 A documentary on the art world may strike you as a yawn. No worries. You'll be laughing helplessly at this one.
0.8 Highly entertaining.
0.8 It's a colorful cocktail of subversiveness, self-seriousness, wonder, horror and joy.
0.875 We don't learn that much about Banksy, other than he's a lot more meticulous than his street warrior image would suggest.
0.8 The truth is often slippery, although no amount of signage should stop us from seeking it.
0.8 As entertaining as it is hard to believe.
0.921 A wildly entertaining, funny, suspenseful and invigorating documentary regardless of whether you're a fan of street art or not.
0.8 For the more you think about this unusual film, the more fascinating it becomes culturally and sociologically, dealing with notions of mania and obsession, art and commerce, hype and quality.
1.0 That rarest of art documentaries, one that actually leaves viewers with a better sense of the gifted versus the phony. In several senses, Banksy has created a monster.
0.9 A funny and fascinating look at an underground art movement, and how easy it is for someone with questionable amounts of talent to suddenly become a star.
0.75 When it comes to what Exit is selling, buyers beware.
1.0 It's very funny and offers an amusing take-down of the pretentiousness of the art world and the way that it can be corrupted and co-opted by big money.
0.8 It's a great insight into how Banksy and his ilk operate.
0.8 This is a deadpan-rollicking film, helped by fizzy editing and funky visuals.
0.8 This is splendid stuff, directed with verve and humour by Banksy who - aghast at Guetta's artistic triumph -- announces he will never make another art film. Shame.
0.8 Manages to be informative and very funny whilst making a genuine and intriguing point about the commercialisation of street art.
0.8 The film is a rousing tribute to street art, a crafty autobiography and a cheeky comment on the bravado of artists, talented or otherwise, and the gullibility of their punters - us included.
0.8 He could be an important artist or just a silly fad - either way, in the street and with this film, he's providing pleasure while he lasts.
0.6 What's true? What's not? Is it a Banksy fabrication, a knowing stunt satirising the art world? Tellingly, there's no director credit. Whatever the truth, it's an amusing, curious documentary.
1.0 Slick, sharp and fantastically entertaining, this is a film that works not just as a cautionary tale about the pitfalls of helping strangers but also on a deeper level as a crafty meditation on art, its true value and our own gullibility.
0.8 Here I am giving Banksy the ultimate in undesired praise, a favourable review in the Left's most routinely reviled newspaper.
0.6 The sense of intrigue is unmistakable, and fortunately Exit, an odd, enfolded sort of documentary, delivers on all the build-up.
0.8 If art-prankster Banksy's first film is a hoax, as it just might be, it's an extremely complex and clever one. With echoes of the Frankenstein story.
0.6 His film does not mark [Banksy] out as the new Spielberg. Yet it is funny, OK in technique and now and then spicily critical of the art world.
0.6 Every bit as quirky, engaging and rebellious as the artwork it aims to celebrate. Sadly, it also shares graffiti's tendency to be energetic but scattergun and ephemeral.
0.5 Never catches its rhythm.
0.5 Makes music almost an afterthought, and as such it never truly sings.
0.75 Irresistible to all those with the slightest speck of Irish blood running in their veins. Or even those non-Irish viewers with a weakness for Irish plays, Irish music, Irish dancing, lilting Irish accents or pints of Guinness.
0.5 Don't ever think that Hollywood has the market cornered on formula flicks. Those folks from across the pond, in Britain and its environs, can do predictable with the best of them.
0.5 Pushes the least interesting relationships to the front and shoves the most interesting ones too the back.
0.5 While there's lots of great Ceili music on tap, it's wrapped in a story so traditional that it's not especially interesting.
0.6 Everyone is likable in John Irvin's appealing if obvious little fable about two estranged brothers and their ceili, or traditional Irish, bands.
0.5 Isn't a total loss, but neither does it have the charm of The Full Monty or other feel-good indie Brit flicks it emulates.
0.5 As thin and frothy as the head on a pint of Guinness.
0.75 Lots of lively tunes and spirited acting.
0.625 The music compensates for the movie's broad high jinks and soapy romantic contrivances, handled with slick, cold hands by director John Irvin.
0.875 An irresistible Irish comedy, lovingly told, beautifully acted and graced with the perfect balance of chuckles and bittersweet heartache.
0.8 A delightful drama about some feisty souls involved in an Irish musical competition and their close encounters with the difficult spiritual art of letting go.
0.8 'County Clare' is a real treat!
0.8 Audiences will be hard-pressed to find a more satisfying or enjoyable entertainment than this splendid Celtic feast for the eyes and the ears.
0.5 Agreeably soapy, but if you're not a Ceili fan, you're likely to doze off by the end of the first reel.
0.5 Though essentially a recording of the stage production, this film is still recommended, provided you understand that the thespians are over-enunciating and exaggerating their body movements to engage folks watching in the theater, not on a screen.
0.9 a lot of fun for fans of the science fiction and horror genres
1.0 One hundred minutes of pure queer celebration that manages to concoct a bizarre cocktail of sincerity and reckless abandon.
0.8 It's like art-rockers Roxy Music let loose on Frankenstein - ludicrous, but oddly compelling. And it even stars Meat Loaf.
0.6 A great midnight movie experience in the theaters, but the film itself is a bit of a bore.
0.75 The film itself is a lot of fun -- but the audience-participation phenomenon has turned it into a one-of-a-kind cinematic experience.
0.6 Best seen with wild crowd at midnight. Otherwise, nope.
0.625 Viewed on video simply as a movie, without the midnight sideshow, it's cheerful and silly, and kind of sweet, and forgettable.
0.9 A very good film in its own right; it's a triumph of clever filmmaking by Jim Sharman, who should have gone on to bigger things.
0.0 I'm betting most fans have never really watched the film, they being distracted by the parade of guys in fishnets and flying toast.
0.6 Strange, unique, and one-of-a-kind... provided you see it under the right conditions.
0.875 Great music, over the top acting, extremely original. Without a doubt a one of a kind.
0.81 Love it or hate it, this is a trip you're likely never going to forget.
1.0 Oh, the horror!
0.75 a dizzying experience, made all the more so if you are lucky enough to see it in a theater with a crowd who knows all the lyrics, dance moves, and proper audience responses to yell back at the screen
0.7 ...the king of the hill of midnight movies, the undisputed champion of camp, the consummate cult classic.
0.8 For those willing to experiment with something a little bit different, a little bit outre, The Rocky Horror Picture Show has a lot to offer.
0.9 Every once in a while it's fun to just sit back, go wild, dress up in garters and watch a messed up movie.
1.0 Vintage zany musical is Eddie Cantor showcase.
1.0 Possibly Cantor's best film. Certainly his most creatively directed and raciest.
0.875 Animal lovers and museum-goers alike are sure to enjoy this curiously delightful hour-long documentary from Nicolas Philibert.
0.7 The renovation of the Museum of Natural History in Paris is the subject for this beguiling documentary by Nicolas Philibert.
0.5 The film is mildly diverting, but lacks the humor and pathos that made To Be and to Have so watchable.
0.0 At one point, Kily/Tilly notes: "Parents! You can't live with them. You can't live without their Mastercard." Hopefully, that will be the only sentence I remember from this abomination, and if the Lord is merciful, not even that.
0.75 But most of this the film is a delight, especially scenes revolving around Yvonne's continual abuse of Brenda.
0.625 Silly, sexy, and filled with music.
0.8 A hilarious, off-beat slice of 80s cheese.
0.4 Not as funny as it thinks it is.
0.8 Stupid but wonderful.
0.2 But this movie is hard to take. Sorry, go back to your own planet.
0.2 I never got into this. It just doesn't make me laugh.
0.4 Unfortunately, this movie isn't
0.6 An entertaining guilty pleasure.
0.6 Kooky and colorful little cult flick. If you're a fan of anyone in the cast, consider it a curiosity rental.
0.75 Only the most strident of advocates for political correctness will take offence at the harmless fun.
0.5 All this could be frothy fun or irritating, depending on your taste or mood.
0.625 Even running out of steam as it eventually does, there is zany goofball fun for the undiscriminating moviegoer.
0.75 A lighthearted and goofy musical comedy about a love affair between an extraterrestrial and a manicurist.
0.8 When a documentary is as entertaining as Air Guitar Nation, you have to ask if you really need it to have redeeming social value or to advance the art form in any way.
0.8 This raucously entertaining documentary about one of the silliest competitions on the planet actually has a serious message about the power of "airness" to change the world. Well, maybe.
0.333333333333 There must be better, more useful ways of amusing themselves but obviously none which would allow them to strut the stage to the plaudits of a baying crowd like latter-day rock stars.
0.4 Like most guitar solos, the film doesn't quite know when to quit.
0.6 Originality 0.9, Presentation 2.3 and Silliness 5.2.
0.4 Despite the film's admirable brevity it's still hard to maintain a wry ironic grin for a full 81 minutes.
0.8 A gloriously insane journey into the weirder reaches of rock, Air Guitar Nation is a funny, funky and oddly moving burst of lively factual entertainment.
0.8 Shot in a raw, grungy style that lends the film a degree of authenticity, AGN is a riff-roaring experience that rarely hits a bum note.
0.6 you will be entertained even if, in rock'n' roll terms, it's less satanic metal than cutesy chart pop.
0.5 A nuts-and-bolts document of the annual Air Guitar World Championships which take place in the rural outpost of Oulu in Finland.
0.8 A delightfully surreal look at a bizarre performance art.
1.0 Hugely entertaining, frequently hilarious documentary with colourful, warm-hearted characters and an infectious energy that'll send you bouncing out of the cinema with a goofy grin on your face.
0.8 A genuinely funny and absorbing documentary.
0.8 When a documentary compels you to care about something that you didn't think you had any interest in, well... that rocks!
0.7 Air Guitar Nation is a very well-made film and it tells its story at a quick, even pace, but you really need to suspend your disbelief if you're going to allow this film to fully wrap you in its charms.
0.75 Somehow, after most of the other 2007 movies have faded from memory, I have a feeling that I will still remember the passion and commitment of the people I met in Air Guitar Nation.
0.7 a fun enough goof to give it 90 minutes of your time as a feature film.
0.5 Sure, there is an infectious goofiness in watching a grown man in a red robe and Hello Kitty breastplate rock out on an imaginary ax. But the gag is spread pretty thin.
0.75 For every dork who has stood before the home stereo speakers and banged away on an invisible instrument, here at last is validation.
0.75 As "Seinfeld" proved, shows about nothing can be a lot of fun.
0.75 "Air Guitar Nation" does deliver the goods, with some extremely funny scenes and some honest-to-goodness rocking concert footage. Although I fear that the existence of "Nation" has nudged us that much closer to a karaoke documentary.
0.5 The film's action footage -- lots of men and women thrashing around with a theoretical Fender in hand -- gets pretty tedious after a while. There is only so much self-inflicted embarrassment one can bear watching.
0.75 In this pitch-perfect documentary about the very real rise of air guitar competition in the United States, and two of its top performers, stony thoughts will arise as to whether one is suddenly trapped inside a satire that got wrapped in a reality.
0.6 It's a limited movie, from the musical palette the performers choose, to the number of players the movie spends time with.
0.7 That the event is not only taken seriously by its contestants, but is also surprisingly devoid of irony, makes Air Guitar Nation excellently enjoyable.
0.8 When one character cheerfully announces he wants to "out-weird the world," we want to let him know we're right there for him.
0.625 The suggestion is that C-Diddy can be seen as a sort of ambassador for the 'make air, not war' sentiment. Why not? Even as real ambassadors go, we could do worse.
0.7 The film is a lovingly hilarious portrait of a bizarre and endearing pastime.
0.75 A favorite on the film festival circuit, Alexandra Lipsitz's exuberantly funny documentary follows the triumphant path of an American air guitarist as he rises from U.S. East Coast champ to the top rankings of the international air guitar festival.
0.75 It makes me what to pick up an air guitar and rock out.
1.0 This is all charming and hilariously real.
0.75 The Finns take the whole thing pretty seriously, noting that if you hold an air guitar, it's impossible to simultaneously hold a gun or rifle. (I'm sure some hombre in a Peckinpah movie would be able to pull it off.)
0.8 It's one of the charms of Air Guitar Nation that much of it plays like a mockumentary in which you're not quite sure who's pulling your leg. But it's real, even if the guitars are not.
0.666666666667 Air Guitar Nation does a fine job of bottling prelapsarian exuberance.
0.625 Alexandra Lipsitz believes that air-guitar competitions are worth a whole feature-length movie. She's wrong, of course. But the fun lasts longer than you might think.
0.75 Fascinating? Absolutely.
0.625 As dumb as the idea of grown men dressing up and pretending to play guitar may be, there's no arguing that some of these grown men do so with a truly awesome degree of energy and flair.
0.6 Irresistible.
0.75 It's no small feat to film a documentary like this with the right balance of reverence for the craft of air guitar and good, old-fashioned shooting at an easy target, but Lipsitz pulls it off.
0.7 Although Air Guitar Nation is a documentary, Lipsitz stumbled across a couple of compelling characters in Jung and Crane, who are anything but n'air-do-wells.
0.9 The movie's wild performances and droll humor are tough to resist.
0.5 Air Guitar Nation plays less like a feature-length documentary than it does a poorly thrown together behind-the-scenes supplement to the real thing.
0.7 the film will be remembered for the overall sense of camaraderie overcoming competition, fraternity trumping rivalry, and the discovery of graciousness in victory and defeat
0.7 A wildly foolish flick that takes the best elements of stand-up comedy and mixes them with good, old-fashioned rock 'n' roll.
0.8 I wouldn't exactly call Air Guitar Nation the next important documentary, but as a colorful look at an admittedly goofy activity, the flick's a pleasant little winner.
0.875 Always intriguing and often quite funny, Paul Williams Still Alive is exactly the documentary this celebrity deserves. It's respectful of his extraordinary accomplishments while giving us an accurate portrait of who Williams is today.
0.8 For all of Kessler's annoying traits, he did get results. Perhaps a different approach wouldn't have yielded a film as satisfying as "Paul Williams Still Alive."
0.625 The resulting documentary, at once endearing and dull, does indeed tell us about Williams, but it also tells us perhaps too much about Kessler.
0.8 Filmmaker Stephen Kessler's sheer delight in following around his boyhood idol, whose music framed much of the '70s when Kessler was a lad in Queens, is thoroughly infectious.
0.6 An entertaining, emotionally inspired stroll down memory lane -- that is, for Kessler.
0.83 That's what makes the film so endearing - it captures that strange relationship between film subject and filmmaker, something that is carefully hidden in most documentaries.
0.7 Too bad the film's obscure star will be a hard sell to non-music geeks or anyone born after 1965, because this film's a blast.
0.8 Charming, poignant and very funny, Paul Williams: Still Alive is a wonderful testament to a truly gifted artist for whom the end of fame was not remotely the end for him.
0.875 It's an interesting look at celebrities and the filmmakers that try to document them.
0.875 Williams, who was elected president of ASCAP in 2009, speaks frankly and eloquently about his problems dealing with fame, and his recovery.
0.7 Mr. Williams's quiet integrity trumps Mr. Kessler at every turn.
0.8 The oft-hilarious push-and-pull between director and subject-Williams wryly notes that the film is turning into "the Steve and Paulie Show"-effectively hacks away at the celebrity-enthusiast divide.
0.625 The film too often undercuts its goals by indulging its director's need for self-affirmation at the expense of the movie's far more compelling central subject.
0.7 Thanks to Williams, who almost deserves a co-directing credit, it ends up a very endearing portrait as well as an amusing real-life take on the buddy film.
0.9 Much chastened by time, Williams is an easy guy to like, which is key to this documentary being as effective as it is.
0.8 Whether it's memory lane or an introduction to Williams' oeuvre for new listeners, mainly it's just freaking funny.
0.5 Certain movies engage your affections so strongly that, even if they start to fall apart, you tend to keep rooting for them. That's pretty much the case with Newsies.
0.875 Bale and Menken are literally what make the movie sing.
0.625 Despite Newsies' many flaws, it's bracing to see Disney attempt a PG movie about something as meaty as labor relations. Would that every strike be resolved with so little bloodshed and so many songs.
0.5 Newsies is a live-action musical, but it's only barely alive. Call it Snoozies.
0.8 Stop the presses! Newsies is the best live-action movie musical since Little Shop of Horrors.
0.75 An old-fashioned musical that is better when its characters sing and dance than when they talk.
0.5 Though the cast is large, no interesting or even moderately well-rounded personalities emerge from it, and no compelling relationships emerge between the characters.
0.6 Bale and the cast are energetic and fun to watch, and the story itself is fascinating history. But the songs and choreography are a disappointment.
0.5 As a drama, it features potent material. But by presenting this as a musical, all hope is lost, thanks to imminently forgettable tunes and the casting of actors who can't sing.
0.6 Kids go on strike in gritty, historical musical.
0.5 Making his directorial bow, choreographer Kenny Ortega strains valiantly to breathe life into this misguided musical.
0.75 It's a bit of a throwback and a solid family film and, at the time, represented a well-intentioned leap of faith of the sort that studios rarely take.
0.4 Overdone, splashy period Disney musical.
0.2 Pretty much "sucksies."
0.2 Looks exactly like what it is, a spectacularly bad idea.
0.375 If the crick in my neck is any indication, I watched Kenny Ortega's Newsies like a dog hears a new sound. Most probably, my eyebrow was also arched.
0.5 People need heroes and uplifting tales, I suppose, but why alter history to give them to the masses?
0.375 Although the material does indeed involve young protagonists, no effort is made to show their lives in a way today's kids can identify with. This movie must seem as odd to them as a foreign film.
0.75 If there were 10 other musicals in the past few years for comparison, I'm not sure where Newsies would place. But as it is, this is the only game in town - and it's quite entertaining most of the way.
0.5 This is primarily a children's movie and I have a hard time working up much rancor against a movie as campily perverse as this one is. I sat through the whole thing in open-mouthed wonder.
1.0 Jolson's best acting; great Rodgers & Hart score; quirky rhymed dialogue
0.9 Even things that are more jarring than effective -- school children and teachers singing "My Country 'Tis of Thee" with a cut on every syllable -- are unforgettable.
0.8 A very strange, pre-code, quasi-musical with a socialist message and a talking performance by silent comic Harry Langdon.
1.0 One of the best American films of the 1980s.
1.0 The look of the film is absolutely gorgeous.
0.625 Except for the Mozart music and Tharp movements around the edges, Amadeus plays like a monument to mediocrity.
1.0 The performance of Abraham, who won the Best Actor Oscar for it, is monumental, and so is Forman's direction.
1.0 Amadeus is simply one of the finest biographical dramas ever made.
0.875 The subject of artistic creation is typically handled badly in the movies.... [Amadeus] treats the subject of creativity in a fresh way.
1.0 Milos Forman's opulent drama is sheer quality.
0.8 Great movie, but not quite true to history.
1.0 A witty and highly imaginative historical fiction, well adapted by screenwriter Peter Shaffer from his own hit play. [Blu-ray]
1.0 ...if the director, the producer, and the writer approved of the added scenes, I'm not going to complain. One way or the other, Amadeus remains a great film.
0.8 When Amadeus deals with the music -- and with the theme of greater and lesser talents in conflict -- it frequently justifies its reputation.
1.0 [A] grandiose masterpiece.
1.0 Such a wonderful mix of sight and sound, of humor and drama, of love and hate, of ugliness and beauty.
1.0 Two amazing performances cap a stellar work of musical imagination and creative artistry.
1.0 Amadeus is a masterful combination of acting and storytelling, of sight and sound.
0.6 Director Milos Forman ... gives Tom Hulce free reign to portray the world's most sublime composer as a drunken, selfish fool giggling his way into the ears of Vienna.
0.81 A clever and majestic hybrid of art house fare and middle brow entertainment.
0.5 A bit overdone and overblown, the movie could have easily had a half-hour cut out of it, and no one would have noticed.
1.0 It is arguably the best motion picture ever made about the process of creation and the creator.
1.0 Terrific entertainment
1.0 More than a portrait of Mozart: a brilliant examination of the creative impulse and a subtle satire of man's limitations.
1.0 Hulce's goofy performance is pretty fun to watch in and of itself. He is out for sheer partying and joy like the hardest living Rock Star, a dandy fop with a silly laugh and an ego to match.
1.0 Remarkable fictional account of Mozart's life. One of the best films of its decade.
1.0 This 'special edition' of Amadeus proves that Abraham's Oscar triumph was no fluke.
1.0 Reminds us that movies can be lyrical as well as vulgar, ambitious as well as playful, brilliant as well as down and dirty -- just like Amadeus himself.
0.75 The urge to revisit old successes in an attempt to "improve" upon them is a risky venture at best.
1.0 The story is utterly devastating, but it is lifted and made accessible by the combination of cinematic ingenuity and astonishingly real performances.
1.0 Uma obra de arte realmente a altura do homem que a inspirou.
1.0 In a film of grand gestures, some of the finest moments are very subtle.
1.0 A gloriously colorful confection of music, theater and emotion.
0.875 It captures the smack and wit of Peter Shaffer's stage play.
0.8 Boy, what a movie.
0.875 Most costume epics come complete with a deadly seriousness, a dreary self-importance that demands respect but doesn't earn any love. Amadeus turns that notion on its side and introduces fresh air back into the stuffiness.
1.0 One of those magical and rare films with a nearly perfect mixture of beautiful writing, glorious music, elegant cinematography, remarkable acting, dazzling art direction, and an engrossing story.
0.8 Like the composers the film so wondrously depicts, Amadeus: Director's Cut is a divine work in need of a little earthly restraint.
0.75 In any incarnation, Amadeus is beautiful to behold.
0.75 The principal additions ... are more Amadeus, but not better.
1.0 Even a longer Amadeus feels and looks just right.
1.0 Still a work of consummate artistry and craftsmanship.
0.75 Still overwhelms and entertains with the best of them.
1.0 Still the most wonderful movie on the subject of music ever made and the best film I've ever seen.
1.0 Don't miss a chance to see and hear it on the big screen.
1.0 Teens will be interested to learn that this movie was written by a man whose twin brother was for a time the more commercially successful of the two, both playwrights, which surely influenced his choice of subject and his approach.
1.0 Watching Amadeus is like listening to Mozart: it is a horrible beauty beyond words.
1.0 Entering its third decade, but has lost none of its power to awe.
1.0 Amadeus is a must for any music lover, any film lover, or anyone who reveres excellence.
0.9 The magnificent, passionate music alone makes it worth watching. The layered story and complex, deeply wounded characters make it worth revisiting again and again.
0.61 The cheap and easy recycling of old myths and superficial treatment given the significant social milieu of the time is startling.
0.75 ...guaranteed to turn Motown neophytes into fans.
0.75 Like some of the poppier Hitsville U.S.A. songs, the film is a little too slick and a little too warm-and-fuzzy... but it is always engrossing and enjoyable...
0.8 Unsung heroes of some of pop music's finest moments get to stand up and be counted in this documentary/concert/tribute.
1.0 The combination of restored history, great music and rich anecdotes make Standing in the Shadows sublime entertainment.
0.75 A loving tribute to the forgotten legends of Motown.
0.875 If anything, the film is doing something of a public service -- shedding light on a group of extremely talented musicians who might otherwise go unnoticed and underappreciated by music fans.
0.875 It's a thrill to see these guys playing and having fun, stuck in the shadows no more.
1.0 There have been better documentaries to come out this year, but none can touch this one for unadulterated pleasure.
0.8 The film has just enough of everything -- re-enactments, archival footage, talking-head interviews -- and the music is simply sublime.
0.5 While Shadows is a great tribute, it is a poor documentary. They are just as elusive and unknown as before.
0.75 Scenes in which the band grooves with modern musicians Montell Jordan and Joan Osborne singing covers are spectacular.
0.8 If you are a music fan, this is a great film to see ... and hear.
0.75 As a belated nod to some neglected all-stars, Standing in the Shadows of Motown is cultural history of the best kind: informative, revealing and richly entertaining.
0.4 Totally overwrought, deeply biased, and wholly designed to make you feel guilty about ignoring what the filmmakers clearly believe are The Greatest Musicians of All Time.
0.6 As a documentary, Motown isn't all that great. But as a celebration of music, it's absolutely incredible.
0.875 It's poignant, surprising, triumphant, funny, and you can dance to it.
0.4 The documentary stumbles where it could have soared.
0.75 Marvelously entertaining and deliriously joyous documentary.
0.75 Director Paul Justman hits all the right notes.
0.75 Try as you might to resist, if you've got a place in your heart for Smokey Robinson, this movie will worm its way there.
0.75 You may not end up dancing in the street, but don't be surprised if you cut a step or two in the parking lot.
0.8 If you love Motown music, you'll love this documentary.
0.75 The movie lets us realize this Sound, still so alive and vibrant today, was created by flesh-and-blood people, each of whom has a compelling story to tell.
0.8 This documentary made me laugh, made me cry, and I had to bite my tongue to keep from singing along. It's informative, entertaining, and hard not to love.
0.8 A good music documentary, probably one of the best since The Last Waltz.
0.75 A triumphant documentary.
0.8 A jubilant, highly entertaining, sometimes bittersweet valentine to a neglected confluence of musicians, who reunite 41 years after laying their first Motown notes to tell their story.
0.6 When all is said and done, there ain't no mountain high enough that should keep you from getting to this movie.
0.75 The Motown Sound was, quite simply, their sound.
1.0 Guaranteed to please even folks who normally avoid documentaries as avidly as Superman keeps clear of Kryptonite.
0.75 A great story and great music, right down to the final credits.
0.75 When the old guys sit around and tell their stories, Standing in the Shadows of Motown catches magic on the screen -- a behind-the-curtain peek at some of the world's best-loved music, straight from the cats who made it happen.
0.75 You may leave the theater with more questions than answers, but darned if your toes won't still be tapping.
0.8 A lot of fun.
1.0 After watching it, you can only love the players it brings to the fore for the gifted but no-nonsense human beings they are and for the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history.
0.75 Standing in the Shadows of Motown is one hell of a party, and it doesn't let anything get in the way of that.
1.0 This terrific doc pays tribute to a group of musicians unfamiliar even to many soul fans.
0.75 If there is any doubt about the Funk Brothers' key contributions to the Motown sound, it's dispelled when these aging musicians take the stage with contemporary performers who re-create the classics.
0.7 The names are virtually unknown, and yet the music they played is an essential part of the sound of the '60s.
0.8 This salute to the literally unsung and underrecognized studio heroes of Motown is so good because it is one of those rare documentaries that combine information with smashing entertainment.
0.6 Gives the Funk Brothers their due and more, mostly through wonderfully juicy anecdotes.
1.0 There is a warmth to Standing in the Shadows of Motown that is absent from most documentaries.
0.75 Ain't no mountain high enough to keep the Funk Brothers from getting to you.
0.75 Moving and heartfelt documentary about the overlooked heart of the Motown Sound.
0.8 Sheds light on a subject few are familiar with, and makes you care about music you may not have heard before.
0.875 Much of the movie's value is to document these particular players making beautiful music.
0.75 It's a glorious groove that leaves you wanting more.
0.6 A worthy tribute documentary that digs up recognition for the musicians who backed up Marvin Gaye, the Temptations and other Motown legends.
1.0 I got so involved with the Funk Brothers that by the last half hour the musical numbers brought tears to my eyes.
0.375 There are suckers out there for the film's brand of shrink-wrapped nostalgia. I'm not one of them.
1.0 Animusic is an incredible venture that should see a long life, gain many fans, and find a home on a bigger screen.
0.9 While it's uncertain if A Tribe Called Quest will ever get back together and play again, it's quite certain fans will love and appreciate BEATS, RHYMES & LIFE: THE TRAVELS OF A TRIBE CALLED QUEST as their final encore.
0.75 Rappaport covers a huge spectrum of voices and opinions, and the themes he explores get into personal relationships -- something everyone can relate to.
0.75 Rapaport, clearly a fan, is able to capture both the ongoing love and the tension within the band.
0.75 Warning: The bassline Ron Carter contrived for the classic cut 'Buggin' Out' is about as easy to dislodge from your brain as a 'Night Gallery' earwig.
0.8 Maybe I'm just a sucker for good old fashioned hip-hop, but I found Michael Rapaport's totally-by-the-numbers music doco [Beats, Rhymes & Life: The Travels of A Tribe Called Quest] absolutely compelling.
0.7 This documentary therefore did exactly what a good music doco should do: brought people like me up to speed and, according to reports from more serious hip hop fans in the audience, provided lots of information that wasn't previously well known.
0.625 An adoring, though enlightening, look at the tumultuous run of the influential hip-hop group.
0.6 The movie's value is in informing and illuminating, not provoking.
0.4 It's difficult to get a grasp on just what audience this documentary is made for.
0.75 Rapaport gets at the dynamics of a group that struggles even now to get along well enough to get paid - again.
0.75 Despite accusations of nearly succumbing to spotlighting beefs over beats, the film comes off as an honest representation of a great group that's not to be forgotten.
0.75 A combination of timing, access, a visual aesthetic that reflects ATCQ's Afrocentric "surface philosophy" (as the crew's look is described) and, most importantly, story-conscious editing elevates the doc above the norm.
0.7 Even if you think you don't like hip-hop you may find yourself captivated by the musicality of A Tribe Called Quest, and that alone is reason to watch this documentary...
0.8 Thanks to a particularly even-handed job by director Michael Rapaport, the story emerges as compelling, even for non-fans in the audience.
0.8 If you want to know what hip-hop is all about, this 'rapumentary' is a fine place to start.
0.6 Good vibes propel what is a fairly straightforward account of the band's formation, album output, and acrimonious breakup.
0.8 It's a doozy.
0.6 There's nothing new about the bickering between lead rappers Q-Tip and Phife, or their redundant breakup-and-reunion cycle. It helps that these lyricists are our key narrators, so at least they add wit and humour to their brief history.
0.75 I approached "Beats, Rhymes & Life: The Travels of A Tribe Called Quest" with a music lover's curiosity and a film lover's fondness for documentaries. I was not disappointed on either count.
0.875 There are scenes toward the end of the movie that hint at a fuzzier tomorrow for Tribe, but you leave appreciating the music as it was, not hoping for anything else.
0.875 The band's politically charged hits still sound as fresh as when they were recorded, and their side projects may have improved with age. I had to download Jungle Brothers' "Black Is Black" the minute I left the theater.
0.75 The emotional honesty Rapaport captures on screen comes off as real, a cut above standard-issue Behind the Music drama in terms of believability.
0.75 Somewhat against the odds, Rapaport manages to parlay his access and sycophancy into the plaint of a concerned fan: Please, fellas, squash this.
0.5 Either mandatory rap-nerd masturbation material or the most boring movie imaginable about that group with the song you liked in middle school.
0.625 There is a love/hate relationship within A Tribe Called Quest
0.75 Even as the band implodes, "Beats" flows as smoothly as Q-Tip on "Verses From the Abstract." It's the tension between the group's core members that really propels the film forward.
0.75 An outstanding effort, and one of the more honest band biopics in recent years.
0.625 An entertaining discussion backed by awesomely laid-back tracks ... Chronicles a creative, jazz-influenced scene of hip-hop heads that saw the music as the cake, not the icing.
0.875 A reminder, part "Behind the Music" and part something better, that even artists professing love and togetherness have a hard time keeping it going.
0.8 Even those who never joined the cult of A Tribe Called Quest will find this clear-eyed chronicle of their career irresistible.
0.6 Rapaport, in his feature directorial debut, does an admirable job recounting the group's formation and dissecting its dissolution.
0.625 "Beats, Rhymes & Life" is a must for hip-hop heads. Others will either be won over or left wondering what all the fuss is about.
0.8 The film serves both as a welcome document and reminder of the group in its prime, while also creating a portrait of lives still in motion, grown men trying to move on from yet respect the work of their younger selves.
0.9 You'll definitely leave the movie hoping [A Tribe Called Quest] will work out their differences to make more music together sometime in the future.
0.7 Director Rapaport captures these intimate dynamics with startling depth, and the band members provide candid interviews that are amazing in their honesty and emotional insight.
0.8 While indulging in plenty of back-in-the-day remembrances, the film also creates a vivid image of the hip-hop that [A Tribe Called Quest] loved and also couldn't wait to subvert.
0.625 Even as an "18 months later" epilogue ensures us that everything's hunky dory, this is one surprisingly grim celebration of a group Rapaport obviously loves.
0.7 Starts out rather conventionally and builds into one of the most engaging music docs in years.
0.6 This last gasp MGM musical still features enough curiousity to make it worthwhile.
0.6 Not as bad as some would make you believe. But I'm still not looking forward to that Clint Eastwood Sings Sinatra album.
0.4 About as fun as painting a wagon.
0.7 ...a surplus of good, hummable tunes, breezy dialogue and characterizations, beautiful location shots, and excellent DVD transfer.
0.625 Director Richard Marquand died after completing this film, and it only received a limited release before ending up on the video shelves.
0.625 You've got to admire Springsteen's chutzpah in documenting and cataloguing his creative process with a borderline-Kubrickian obsessiveness long before his reputation warranted it...
0.6 Even if you hate the music, there's much here to impress.
0.4 Don Argott's documentary about the heavy-metal band Lamb of God would have been a conventional rock doc if it had not been for a tragic incident at one of the band's concerts in Prague in 2010.
0.6 [A] watchable fly-on-the-wall documentary.
0.6 [Blythe is] a performer desperate to prove his emotions are for real.
0.75 You don't need to like Lamb of God's music - although, for the record, you should because it's awesome - to walk away from As the Palaces Burn feeling genuinely fond of the band.
0.4 It's only mildly interesting unless you're one of the band's many rabidly loyal fans, especially since Argott, clearly thoroughly embedded, chooses not to dig very deep into the personalities and issues around the incident.
0.8 For fans of Lamb of God, or metal in general, this is essential viewing.
0.6 It's a weird little hybrid movie. It becomes unforgettable at just the point where you were beginning to forget it.
0.4 A document of extreme heavy metal fandom goes south when the filmmakers fail to comprehend the gravity of their own material.
0.8 An entertaining and insightful rockumentary that quickly turns into a nail-biting legal thriller after the lead vocalist is arrested and accused of manslaughter during filming.
0.8 As the Palaces Burn metamorphoses from slam-dancing rock doc to genuinely gripping courtroom drama.
0.6 A fly-on-the-wall look at the band that will thrill fans but may not convert too many non-believers.
0.8 As The Palaces Burn ends up as gripping and unexpectedly moving as anything John Grisham's ever scribbled.
0.8 Hell, yes!
1.0 Seventy-five years on, it hasn't dated in the slightest.
0.8 The central themes of illusions, dreams and going on an extraordinary adventure all the better to come home and appreciate what you have there are enduring.
1.0 One of Hollywood's quintessential productions, this musical adaptation of L Frank Baum's classic fable is probably the most beloved fantasy film of all time and the ultimate family picture.
1.0 This family classic long ago left the realm of being mere entertainment to emerge as a cultural touchstone for generations of Americans.
1.0 The Wizard of Oz is the cinematic equivalent of high-end wine, in that it gets better with age. The difference is that while wine must remain unopened to increase in value, the film positively thrives on it being tasted and shared over and over and over.
0.95 MGM's fantastic IMAX 3D conversion for the The Wizard of Oz's 75th anniversary underlines rather than obscures most of the film's visual pleasures, reminding us (if we'd managed to forget) just how glorious L. Frank Baum's strange world is.
0.875 The blend of old-fashioned, classic storytelling with cutting-edge technology is undeniably enthralling.
1.0 Hey, Dorothy actually has freckles in IMAX. Glinda's floating sphere is mesmerizing. The flying monkeys are creepier than ever. The Lollipop Guild even more disturbing - are these guys having a seizure?
1.0 Any reason to show your children "The Wizard of Oz" on a big screen seems like a good one.
1.0 The best thing about 3D glasses is that they keep your kids from seeing your tears of sentimental joy at this gorgeous restoration
1.0 This phantasmagorical fantasy really does represent old-school MGM filmmaking at its best.
1.0 It is one of the greatest movies ever made, and even today it stands the test of time as a quality family flick.
1.0 Even decades later, one of the best family films ever made.
1.0 A head trip of a family film.
1.0 The moment Judy Garland starts singing in that barnyard, we're all six years old again, with nothing left to do but join her.
1.0 It's more than a movie; it's an American rite of passage. [Blu-ray]
1.0 If through some incredible chance you haven't [seen it], all I can say is: do so immediately. Make this the very next movie you watch. Literally.
1.0 One of only a handful of films that nearly everyone is familiar with.
1.0 The songs and magic are still fresh, even if it isn't quite knowing enough, perhaps, for today's young audiences.
1.0 The greatest children's movie of all time. Probably.
1.0 This 3D remastering of the original, on a giant Imax screen to boot, brings a whole new sense of wonder to Dorothy's yellow-brick road movie.
1.0 I'll see you on the dark side of the moon...and your little dog, too!
1.0 It's a movie that speaks of Hollywood's unacknowledged fascination with the exotic, the mad, the unreal.
0.9 ...a thoroughly American fairy tale that wholly endorses the ethic of consumerism.
1.0 One of the greatest films made ... in any genre.
1.0 It's a movie almost everyone has seen multiple times, and every viewing is a visit home as well as a wild adventure toward territories unknown.
1.0 ...one of the most enduring musical fantasies of all time.
0.75 A true amalgam of creative forces individually pooling their studio-contract talents like a hive of bees (in tribute to a trio of queens...a quartet if you count George Cukor).
1.0 Well named "the wonderful Wizard of Oz"!
1.0 The film is probably as entertaining now as it was in 1939.
1.0 Still a treat for you -- and your little dog too...
0.8 A delightful fantasy for children and adults alike, one that cherishes childhood and its dreams.
1.0 The greatest movie ever? It certainly comes close to claiming that title
1.0 No need to say that this film is a classic.
0.8 It never was a great film, but it's now a part of our culture.
1.0 Pink Floyd anyone?
1.0 I think everyone agrees it is a legendary film and everyone who hasn't seen it, should.
1.0 Is there another family movie as timeless as this one? I don't think so, pal.
1.0 This movie is an ideal family film, superb in every aspect, with outstanding art direction, music, and performances.
1.0 Each time it is shown, this extraordinary film ... embraces a new generation of children who succumb to its magic.
1.0 Its underlying story penetrates straight to the deepest insecurities of childhood, stirs them and then reassures them.
0.9 I can't imagine my childhood without this movie.
0.91 Each scene in The Wizard of Oz is spectacular in its visual creativity. Each song is inspired.
1.0 Remarkable, colorful, heartwarming.
1.0 A dazzling fantasy musical so beautifully directed and acted that it deserves its classic status.
1.0 The music is so infectiously happy that it is basically impossible to keep your toes from tapping, your head from bobbing, and an ear-to-ear grin from appearing on your face.
1.0 This wonderful romp of a movie looks magical on the big screen: colors are a picnic for the eyes, details loom so clearly you can practically touch them and there's a sense of the larger-than-life with a film that's already larger than life.
1.0 It's not simply a magical, whirling experience, but a ground breaker for visual and technological creativity, combining Hollywood forces with Hollywood genius to spawn strands of unique and original elements never before attempted at the movies.
1.0 The Wizard of Oz is one of those rare classics that can endure for generations and be as popular to adults as it is to kids.
1.0 the message comes across loud and clear that you don't have to have a boat, a car or a plane to make a journey of self-discovery and that courage, intelligence and compassion come from within, not through medals, diplomas or testimonials.
1.0 Every bit THE classic.
1.0 Seeing The Wizard of Oz in a movie theater, the way God and Louis B. Mayer intended you to see it, is like being at Cape Canaveral for a space shuttle launch instead of watching it on television.
1.0 A wonderful documentary that deserves to be revisited.
0.8 Predating "The King and I," and just as entertaining, minus the music.
0.6 Rex Harrison is sexy, Irene Dunne is prim, but the racism is evident.
0.8 A star is born in Nashville.
0.5 Peter Bogdanovich brings conviction but little else to this upbeat response to Robert Altman's Nashville.
0.75 The Thing Called Love charms and touches.
0.5 It's so sad that Phoenix went out not with a bang but with this whimper.
0.6 A highlight of Phoenix's career
0.0 River Phoenix gives a somnambulant impersonation of Christian Slater impersonating Jack Nicholson, and Samantha Mathis spends much of the movie trying to figure out exactly who her character is.
0.25 Perhaps no one could have saved Phoenix, who was not lucky enough to find a higher bottom than death. But this performance in this movie should have been seen by someone as a cry for help.
0.625 Aside from its blatantly commercial aspirations and predictable storyline, there is an appealing cast, enjoyable songs and some funny bits of business.
0.875 A thorough examination (and debunking) of the claims that have blurred the term 'historical fiction,' stirred a cauldron of controversy, and spurred record-breaking sales.
0.8 Bouncy MGM college-themed musical sparkles with June Allyson.
0.75 [Director] Marker may be windy, but he also enjoys the wisdom that comes with age. His masterful command of the camera shows that he can lecture and entertain at the same time.
0.875 The Case of the Grinning Cat is further evidence of Chris Marker's exhilarating wit. His hour-long cinema essay offers a snapshot of France that's been realized in Marker's daydreamy developer fluid.
0.6 vive le chat!
0.9 In The Case of the Grinning Cat, the filmmaker Chris Marker fluidly moves over and under Paris, capturing images of fugitive beauty and pathos.
0.75 Leave it to Chris Marker, the 85-year-old French documentarian and cineaste hero, to take an unexceptional event and turn it into an exceptional film.
0.875 Modestly eschewing declarative organization, Marker's interest in and presentation of information is strictly pointillist.
0.75 Marker -- something of a cine-sage known for his essay-style documentaries -- playfully decodes this unofficial icon of French street culture.
0.6 A bright, intelligent souffle of a film that is both engaged and engaging, and which, like the best French confections, continually rises.
1.0 Credit Professor Brown for compiling quite a collection of candid conversations with an impressive cross-section of Hollywood royalty.
0.8 Danny Kaye has some hilarious moments.
0.6 If you can stand Kaye (oh for a tranquilizer gun!), this one's not bad.
0.6 It's impossible not to root for these driven, high-spirited participants - and for the longevity of this invaluable program.
0.625 The real stars here are the kids themselves - all chasing after a small shiny statue, and a much larger dream.
0.5 Director Alex Rotaru could have focused more; three or four really compelling stories are scattered among a handful of others.
0.6 An inspiring, if too short and overcrowded, examination of the competition among high schools at the 90th annual Drama Teachers Association of Southern California Shakespeare Festival.
0.6 Rotaru breaks no new ground, but he doesn't have to.
0.4 Unless you really dig Glee-level displays of high-school drama geekery, you and your date may want to quickly exeunt.
0.8 The hardest thing about watching this movie is realizing that some of the kids you come to like so much, and their teams who've worked so hard, are going to lose the competition
0.75 Glee in iambic pentameter
0.9 ...fun, shamelessly heart-wrenching.
0.75 Shakespeare High follows promising young actors doing their damnedest to make old Bill Shakespeare their own.
0.375 It is a huge missed opportunity on Crowe's part. In his attempt to show the best traits of a band he is obviously very enamored with, he's wound up with a pretty lackluster film.
1.0 Very few music documentaries in the history of the form have more successfully conveyed the inner workings and outer artistic expression of a band than Cameron Crowe's brilliant Pearl Jam Twenty.
0.75 [Crowe] merely wants to capture the personalities, the songs and the shows.
0.7 With noticeable gaps between the telling of its first decade and its second, Pearl Jam Twenty didn't necessarily need to be a feature, but is a really lovely fan letter to a band that's worked hard for the devotion and respect it receives.
0.75 With its intimacy and (this can't be emphasized enough) fantastic sound, Pearl Jam Twenty is like two hours spent rediscovering the band through excellent headphones.
0.4 If only it was about something other than rockers almost irked they got famous.
0.625 In a better film, Crowe would have played journalist instead of fan boy.
0.6 By the time "Pearl Jam Twenty" is over we can't help but be impressed by the kind of personal and professional integrity that has kept the band honest and allowed them to endure and prosper.
0.6 While the movie may not have the insight of D. A. Pennebaker's "Don't Look Back" or even Phil Joanou's U2 travelogue, "Rattle and Hum," Pearl Jam devotees will not go home musically unnourished.
0.875 If Pearl Jam Twenty has its share of hyperbole, it's leavened with humor, self-deprecating commentary, and a deep-pockets budget's worth of great clips.
0.85 A great introduction to the band as well as a great recap for the fans who have been there all along the way.
0.9 For the biggest fans, it may be the single best movie going experience you will have this year
0.5 Cameron Crowe's chronicle of the Seattle grunge quintet's first two decades is undeniably thorough - even offshoot Temple of the Dog gets the spotlight - but it's also weirdly self-aggrandizing.
0.75 Any enterprise like this is inherently self-congratulatory, but the film is best considered from Crowe's perspective: that of a fan.
0.625 A loving, gracefully crafted retrospective that shrewdly eschews Behind the Music conventions at most turns.
0.6 Despite surrendering to sentimental fandom, Crowe thoughtfully touches on greyer areas...
0.6 Entertaining, well made documentary that's a treat for fans thanks to its wealth of rarely seen footage and newly filmed interviews...
0.6 The music's the thing and Crowe lets it rip.
0.4 Vedder is charming, his band rather bland. As trips down memory lane go, it's a bit of a trudge.
0.7 Fans will love this energetic documentary tracing more than two decades of the infamous grunge band. But while the film is packed with terrific footage, it's too worshipful for non-fans to take seriously.
0.25 A deadly combination of fanboy, friend, and Richie Cunningham, Crowe has zero objectivity about the band
0.7 Regardless of the fact that these clips have been recycled from internet airplay, there's more than enough behind-the-scenes spectacle to please the fans.
