0.375 The makers of In Her Skin must be prepared to cut a check to anyone who ever read, wrote, made, or saw The Lovely Bones.
0.0 An absolutely interminable piece of work...
0.2 Worthless and non-sensical remake of a true horror classic.
1.0 This dark operatic movie looks like Burton meant every bit of it, that he shared this story's longing for death and night and blood.
0.6 This is grand-scale studio-work at its most beguiling.
1.0 This magnificently realized musical from Stephen Sondheim contains the right blend of emotional pathos, stunning visuals and accessible songs.
0.6 It's gross but will it gross? Burton and Depp's cannibal musical is an especially acquired taste - Oliver! reimagined by Eli Roth. Brave, brutal... ballads?
0.7 Sweeney Todd may just be that rare musical with broad appeal to audiences who might normally say they don't care for the genre.
0.5 Sweeney Todd is a throat-slasher of a motion picture. It creates a new genre -- the slasher musical. Adapted from the Tony-winning Broadway musical by Stephen Sondheim, it's the tuneful tale of cutthroat's revenge.
1.0 [Burton's] vision of a dark and smoggy nineteenth century London, with muted colors, is perfect for the music and the story.
0.9 Depp's staggering performance perfectly merges the story's humour, horror and romance into a serious punch to the gut.
0.9 One of the best movies of his career.
0.8 Burton was born to film this strange and spooky chamber piece.
0.75 In all honesty, neither Depp nor Carter possess stage-quality voices. Instead, both muster emotional performances that sell the parts without selling the music.
0.6 There is much to like in Burton's Sweeney Todd and much not to like, a rather hit-and-miss affair.
1.0 Burton's juxtaposition of the musical numbers with horror is pretty much as entertaining as the medium of film can get.
0.7 In addition to branding Sweeney Todd with his signature look, Burton successfully takes advantage of the medium of film in his adaptation the musical.
1.0 I cannot wait to go see this film again and I really want to buy the soundtrack.
0.875 The movie belongs to Depp and Bonham Carter, who dance slowly and seductively against the backdrop of Burton's London until it's time to paint the town red.
1.0 Sweeney Todd ranks among this year's most intense, haunting, and startling films; the fact that it also features great songs by Stephen Sondheim is just gravy on the meat pie.
0.81 Burton took on a risky proposition when he chose to bring Sweeney Todd to the screen. While the result doesn't knock my socks off, it's plenty good enough to report that the risk paid off.
0.875 We all knew Johnny Depp could act. The brilliantly imagined Sweeney Todd shows he can sing, too.
0.7 The difference here is that film audiences are used to blood. So some of the chilling effect is lost...
0.6 Sweeney Todd: The Demon Barber of Fleet Street is a dark and terrifying love story, as much a horror film as a musical extravaganza.
1.0 Tim Burton delivers his best film yet.
0.5 I was bored out of my skull during many a scene in this film, and wouldn't dare recommend it to anyone who, like me, doesn't like old fashioned musicals.
0.9 Musical-haters don't have to endure glorious kicklines (Hairspray) and opera lovers can focus on the leads' close-ups. If someone sees the movie and then goes to see a stage production, the enormity of this play will blow their brains open.
0.4 Un musical soporifero y sangriento que parecia ideal para la macabra imaginacion de Tim Burton, pero que resulta una verdadera decepcion.
0.7 H panemorfi apeikonisi toy heiroteroy Londinoy tis istorias toy ap' ton Tim Burton, ap' to ena mati mpainei ki ap' to allo bgainei, prosferontas mpoliki ikanopoiisi tin ora poy ksediplonetai, alla elahista na pareis mazi soy ekso ap' tin aithoysa.
0.8 Resume perfeitamente as principais qualidades e os maiores defeitos de Tim Burton.
0.5 Tim Burton takes his trademarks and destroys one of theater's great musicals.
0.9 With a great supporting cast and some killer (pardon the pun) musical numbers, this is award winning stuff.
0.6 Burton's best film since Ed Wood will come in handy for anyone in need of something for the weekend.
0.8 Gruesomely satisfying, fans of both Burton and Sondheim are equally liable to be pleased with this marvelous meeting of minds. If the film sags a little at times, its technical prowess and superlative cast ensure we don't dwell on this for too long.
0.8 A grimy concoction from Hell's own kitchen, laced with black humour and seasoned with hauntingly beautiful music. Tuck in.
0.666666666667 A thoughtful, sincere and moving film, buttressed by a fine, central performance by an actor at the top of his form.
0.5 This is grand-scale studio-work at its most beguiling.
1.0 In his sixth collaboration with Burton, Depp delivers a stunning performance that combines horror, black comedy and genuine heartache, like an evil version of Edward Scissorhands -- he deservedly received an Oscar nomination earlier this week.
0.8 Whether horror fans are ready for high-notes or musical buffs will appreciate Dario Argento levels of gore is an open question, but this is a rich, demented experience.
0.7 Deserves kudos for attempting to bring a cerebral and extremely violent story, told almost entirely in song, to the multiplex masses. It's just a shame that, ironically, there's little humanity beneath Sweeney Todd's sumptuous outer pastry.
0.7 It may be too much for some, but for those who can appreciate the tastefully tasteless, it's a feverish jolt to the senses to see such beautiful music and pathos paired with such horrid images.
1.0 One of the years best films, musical or otherwise.
0.8 Tim Burton's morbid imagination is a good match for Stephen Sondheim's noir guignol operetta...
0.8 Movie is darker, much bloodier than stage musical.
1.0 Did I mention lately how very much I love Tim Burton's brain? Few could have taken, would have dared to take, a musical stage play of this depth and managed to make it into such a beautiful film. Burton and his gang have though. Read On->
0.75 One word sums this up. Bravo!
0.8125 If only Johnny Depp had made his Willy Wonka this disturbingly attractive.
0.82 The brooding gothic romanticism of the source material plays right into Burton's cinematic wheelhouse.
0.5 Love the play, but this film adaptation left a bad taste in my mouth.
0.74 The imagery, music, and intoxicating blend of vengeance and madness--with just a smidgen of Priest; you'll see, if you don't already know--will linger long after you leave the theater.
0.875 Murder, music, and monsters happily drenched in blood.
0.625 Should have been a standing triple for Burton to hit off the wall instead of hitting it head-on until the guignol nature became less than grand.
0.875 What the movie version of Sweeney Todd preserves best is the corrosive power of Todd's revenge and the intricate rhymes of Sondheim's lyrics.
0.8 ... Burton and Depp put their stamp on Sweeney Todd, bringing the Demon Barber of Fleet Street to life for a whole new audience.
1.0 This black cauldron of a film, with its spider-blood visual scheme, may be the purest example of imagemaking the movies have given us in far too long.
0.7 This version glories in the gory. Depp's singing limitations rob the character of Sweeney of his all-important contagious savage fury.
0.9 Admittedly it is bloody as hell, but there's something just stylish enough about the way it's executed -- pun intended -- that even viewers with weak constitutions should be able to stomach the violence.
0.7 Unparalleled visual splendor, a bloody red-velvet fever dream of a musical for people who think they HATE musicals.
0.875 A wickedly entertaining blood feast.
0.9 [W]e haven't seen this much hemoglobin in a Johnny Depp film since the infamous blood geyser in A Nightmare on Elm Street.
0.625 A movie musical for people who don't like musicals, in the way that -- for example -- Kenneth Branagh's 'Frankenstein' was a horror movie for people who don't like horror movies.
0.625 It's like Dario Argento blood just spurting everywhere...
0.8 It has vision to spare, which is rare enough in the modern cinema, and it was made by a director clearly in love with his material, which is rarer. It is not the definitive version of the musical, but maybe we don't need a definitive version.
0.75 The most elegant slasher movie ever made.
0.875 Mesmerizing and highly entertaining.
0.875 Tim Burton's grand guignol fantasy transforms Stephen Sondheim's 1979 musical-theater piece into a cheerfully gothic morality tale.
0.875 It's easily Burton's best since, well, ever.
0.75 I'm a tough audience for Sweeney Todd, since I've probably played the original cast album a thousand times, but even I think it's worth your time.
0.5 Stylized but spasmodic, this Sweeney seems more interested in distancing than captivating an audience.
0.875 It's Sondheim's gorgeously dissonate score that makes the greatest impact. The lush strings and emphatic horns can't help but lift the spirit even as they chill the bones.
0.7 While certainly not for all viewers, and even if it takes a bit to gain viewer engagement and traction, the film turns out to be, pardon the obligatory pun, fairly bloody fun.
0.75 Depp may not be a trained singer, but his voice is more than passable, and his presence -- his Sweeney is Edward Scissorhands gone bad -- is perfect.
1.0 By all means go, and be prepared for a holiday musical like no other.
0.875 Visually expansive and imaginative.
0.875 The wait for a good Tim Burton movie is finally over.
1.0 A great film, a landmark in musical cinema and the best movie of 2007.
0.8 The most faithful and effective transfer of a musical to screen I've seen. And bloody good fun besides.
0.875 Sondheim's original musical was already a mad synthesis of Jacobean shock, Brechtian irony and Dickensian pathos -- to which Burton's lush visuals add another layer of aesthetic distance. The overall effect is somewhere between melodrama and camp.
0.875 No sentiment goes unbloodied in [Burton's] exuberantly dark Sweeney Todd.
1.0 There's something about the 1979 Stephen Sondheim musical that awakened something audacious and inspired in Burton, sparking him to make his best film since "Ed Wood."
1.0 It combines some of Tim Burton's favorite elements: The fantastic, the ghoulish, the bizarre, the unspeakable, the romantic and in Johnny Depp, he has an actor he has worked with since Edward Scissorhands and finds a perfect instrument.
0.5 This isn't a movie for lovers of Sondheim's grimly funny musical, as most of the jokes fall flat in this joyless version. It's a movie for people who'd like to hear Depp do another British accent and wear a Bride of Frankenstein wig.
0.75 A conceptual masterstroke. Sweeney always wanted to be a revenger's tragedy to make us recoil in fright. Now it is. Merry Christmas.
0.4 Poor Depp isn't up to the challenge of a musical. He may look menacing with his ivory skin and flashing eyes, but he sings like he's three drinks into a night at the local karaoke bar.
0.75 Touches on Dostoevskian notions of playing God and purging the world of its lowlife rabble, and at times Todd seems something of a proletariat hero, exacting class reparations by night and knife.
0.7 Very charming in its dark and twisted way, although not without some flaws and odd choices.
1.0 Pairing his Burton's whimsy with Stephen Sondheim's witty lyrics and lilting melodies makes for a combination as engrossing as it is unlikely.
0.9 There's no hole in the floor for an orchestra pit,there's a lot of CGI and some razor-keen wit.If you don't know the show, just roll with it
1.0 As the perfect marriage of maker and material, this dark, disturbing splatter-etta stands as the best film of 2007.
0.9 It pulls you into Burton's world with its stunning performances and visuals.
0.625 [Sweeney Todd] is a wonder to behold, but only those with Burton's acquired tastes would want to sample a pie overstuffed with such joylessness.
1.0 the perfect movie this holiday for anyone sick of jingle bells and angels getting their wings.
1.0 [It] works as a big screen version of one of the great achievements of the musical stage, as a dark and scary horror film, and as Tim Burton's finest film in over a decade.
0.8 Burton's work here is strong and self-assured and never allows the lavish production design to dominate the storytelling.
0.6 Sweeney Todd is exactly the musical Burton fans have wished him to make. It's a bloody mess of vengeance and lost love, full of throat-slitting mayhem.
0.8 It's a delightfully bloody trip to a grimy, but melodic, Victorian London.
0.8 It's as if Stephen Sondheim's musical was meant to be a Tim Burton movie all along.
0.875 Delightfully gruesome, it is laced with morbid humor, and yet a sense of tragedy and loss weighs heavily upon it.
0.8 A consistently great experience, and I'd love to go back and see it again in three weeks when the Hot Topic generation has latched on to it and will be singing along in the theater.
0.5 The material, a Gothic yarn of bloody revenge, seems specially suited for the macabre hand of Tim Burton, but alas, such is not the case.
0.875 I'm not sure Tim Burton's Sweeney Todd works very well as a musical, but it's one hell of a movie.
1.0 Sweeney Todd is often considered Stephen Sondheim's masterpiece; it's too early to say, but it may be Tim Burton's as well.
1.0 Burton has made some great pictures--Sweeney Todd is the culmination of them.
0.9 Sweeney Todd is the creative peak of an eccentric career and one of the year's very best films.
0.7 Tim Burton's scaled-down adaptation chooses style over substance. The result, however, is still a pretty enjoyable film.
0.9 Sweeney Todd is as much a horror film as a musical. It is also something close to a masterpiece.
0.875 Those with strong stomachs will find this darkly comic piece is not just a bloody mess. Instead, it's bloody good fun.
0.7 for all its unmistakable faults, it casts such a complete spell that I'm chomping at the bit to see it again
0.5 Singers that can't sing, repetitive tunes that aren't the least bit memorable and a director more in love with his macabre settings than with the story or the songs sure make for one long night at the movies.
0.7 Sure to make you nervous to get a haircut.
0.875 Director Tim Burton has found the right look and, more crucially, the right scale for his film version of the grandiose 1979 Broadway musical thriller.
0.875 It is rare for a film to achieve a feeling of unequivocal, breathtaking transcendence, but Sweeney Todd: The Demon Barber of Fleet Street does just that.
0.875 What a pleasure it is, then, to report that Burton's version tends more to the abattoir than the amusement park...
0.6 Two hours of singing is going to bore the pants off of gore-starved viewers, and the last-reel gore is going to scare the pants of the foofy Broadway types. And that means a theatre full of people without pants.
0.75 Abetted by Wolski's swooping, receding camera and Jonathan Tunick's propulsive orchestrations, Burton makes this as fluid and dynamic as any screen ride this year, musical or otherwise.
1.0 One of the most memorable films of the year.
0.8 Dismal sets, cartoonish gore and Johnny Depp singing -- what's so appealing about that? Just about everything, actually.
0.8 A striking if stomach-turning big-screen treatment.
0.875 You'll be twisted, manipulated and repulsed, but always entertained. You might also find yourself uttering "God, That's Good."
0.7 If you can handle the blood-spurting scenes Sweeney Todd might be a movie to check out after the glow of the holiday bulbs has dimmed.
0.75 Turns out Sweeney Todd needed Tim Burton more than Tim Burton needed Sweeney Todd.
0.875 [Depp and Bonham Carter] provide this rousing musical with the emotional heft necessary to prevent it from merely becoming an exercise in Gothic chic.
1.0 An invigorating experience that ranks among the best stage-to-screen translations ever filmed.
0.625 In the end, the real problem with the Demon Barber of Fleet Street is that he's not as bloody fun as he should be.
1.0 Everything a Burton picture should be, everything a musical should be, everything the play should be and everything the venerable horror story of good old Sweeney should be.
0.75 Despite the weak vocal work, the film does nevertheless border on brilliance, and seems to be a shoo in for an Academy Award nomination.
0.875 Tell me, is it good? Sir, it's too good at least. It's mighty entertainment that makes you feel sorry for the poor saps in the next theater at the multiplex.
0.5 Revenge is a dish best served cold, exactly how I was left after watching Helena Bonham Carter butcher a cheeky star turn in Tim Burton's cutthroat musical.
0.8 A Grand Guignol, with plot elements from Jacobean tragedy, The Count of Monte Cristo, and Jack the Ripper, it's the perfect melange for the master of the macabre, Tim Burton.
1.0 Keeping every performer on point, Burton draws the strongly structured material together to produce a black comedy and still blacker tragedy surging with jugular urgency. It haunts the mind for days.
0.9 This grisly, grim and ghoulish gothic tale of vengeance is a thoroughly entertaining gore-filled experience, whether you're a fan of musicals or not.
1.0 A cynical, chill-inducing, blood-splattering cinematic operetta! Forget about your preconceptions - and relish one of the 10 Best Movies of 2007.
1.0 This Sweeney Todd blasts audaciously away with all the forces and resources of cinematic realization in a smashing production.
0.9 It's awash in grimly gorgeous sights, mercilessly dark humor, oddly amusing tunes, and all sorts of strange goings-on ... Burton and Depp strike gothic gold once again.
0.875 Sweeney Todd is a thriller-diller from start to finish: scary, monstrously funny and melodically thrilling. And Depp is simply stupendous.
0.875 The notion of Vietnam as quagmire is literalized in this stunning 1981 action-suspense film.
0.8 Beyond its genre roots and its deeper meanings, Southern Comfort is a well-honed study of characters and setting.
1.0 An atmospheric, tough-as-nails survival tale, and arguably Walter Hill's best movie overall. Well cast with a great Ry Cooder score. Packs a definite wallop.
0.8 Perfectly entertaining gung-ho war flick. Walter Hill knows his action.
0.8 Goes down relatively smooth. Pour yourself a glass or three of its namesake, and enjoy!
0.4 Michael Caine, Ben Kingsley and a host of other Brit thesps ham it up, Hammer-style, but Brad Anderson's baggy direction hampers any enjoyment.
0.4 At best it's hammy, Hammer-ish fun, although it has none of the tension of Brad Anderson's underappreciated potboiler The Call, and none of the wit of The Ninth Configuration, which remains the best screen tale of lunatics taking over an asylum.
0.4 A weary, half-hearted adaptation of a familiar Edgar Allan Poe short story that is largely devoid of chills or suspense.
0.6 Anderson has a good eye for a murky mystery. With its unhurried yet purposeful pace and moody underlighting, Stonehearst also owes much to his work on Boardwalk Empire.
0.4 The tone is uneven and the various plot twists aren't as effective as they need to be, resulting in an underwhelming experience that fails to live up to its early promise.
0.4 The only way to enjoy the thing is as a comedy.
0.4 This Victorian-set horror film can't help but seem a missed opportunity. It has the ingredients for a lurid and entertaining trip to the dark side.
0.6 Stonehearst Asylum is a richly bonkers piece of Victoriana.
0.4 The stuttering, episodic pace makes you wonder if they had half a mind on a miniseries. Where the other half went is really anyone's guess.
0.8 You'll watch this supremely entertaining danse macabre with the broadest of connoisseurial smiles.
0.6 This is not, we'd wager, the film its director intended. Yet it's worth watching ...
0.8 A spirited gothic tale, played with welcome black humour.
0.4 It's 'Shutter Island' in the Scottish Highlands with this initially intriguing, ultimately depressing Victorian-era madhouse drama.
0.4 While its intentions were probably high-minded, the only reaction Stonehearst Asylum is likely to induce is hoots of derisive laughter.
0.375 Though I'm not a huge fan of Anderson, he's never struck me as simpering.
0.4 Ham-fisted and forgettable, serving as a horrific reminder about how far mental health treatment has progressed.
0.8 Between its distinctly modern intelligence and razor-sharp plotting, Anderson's clever contraption matches the heights of Gothic grandeur that keep Poe held in esteem today.
0.6 Anderson clearly takes delight in all the proceedings, which is one of the reasons his films feel fresh instead of lazy.
0.5 It may not be his worst film overall, but "Stonehearst" is Anderson's flattest film, a disappointingly shallow affair that wastes an opportunity to breathe life into a timeless Edgar Allen Poe short story.
0.6 Not a horror movie per se, but still containing horror elements, Stonehearst Asylum is a well-made, well-acted tale that could find an audience among viewers looking for a spooky story that doesn't deliver a pile of dead teenagers.
0.5 Aside from the crucial but completely arbitrary twist at the end, what we see and hear is exactly what we get...
0.5 All involved deserve better, particularly Poe.
0.875 There's probably a brilliant, award-worthy film to be made about the inhumane way the medical practice dealt with the mentally ill in the past. This one isn't it, but it is nonetheless a solid, sturdy piece of entertainment.
0.6 If you accept the grandly Gothic insanity here, there's a lot of fun to be had.
0.375 It fails to be sexy, scary, revealing, suspenseful or even exciting.
0.5 "Stonehearst Asylum" starts with the hysteria knob set at 11 and goes up from there.
0.375 An off-brand Shutter Island, nearly devoid of stylistic flourishes or memorably strange details, instead intent on repeatedly telling us things we already know.
0.65 Stonehearst Asylum is an effective period thriller, more than worthy of your next seasonal horror marathon.
0.75 This is a movie that is several cuts above your usual straitjacket thriller. Enter at your own risk.
0.75 Stonehearst Asylum will make you think twice about how we care for the mentally ill then ... and now. Oh, and it's also a smart thriller with a kiss of pulp.
0.7 A fun, old-fashioned Val Lewton-style thriller. Sturgess, Beckinsale, Caine and Kingsley are always worth watching.
0.375 In the wake of the ostentatious atmospherics summoned by the likes of Shutter Island and American Horror Story: Asylum, the film feels unnecessarily restrained.
0.5 Edwardian thriller offers formula instead of vision
0.625 ...ultimately a fair degree more entertaining than the majority of its DTV brethren...
0.3 Except for some flashes in the last 30 minutes where the inherent creepiness of clowns and whispery voices buys the film some atmosphere, it's got boredom to spare.
0.5 Spy Kids 2: The Island of Lost Dreams is certainly trippy and inventive, but the film is way too long, a little too flat and not nearly as enjoyable as the original.
0.8 An imaginatively joyous adventure.
0.8 The best example in recent memory of what happens when an independent-minded director is allowed to exercise his talents with the backing and support of a Hollywood support system.
0.75 How fitting that the subtitle of this sequel is Island of Lost Dreams, for Rodriguez has let his vivid imagination run even more amok in waking, cinematic life.
0.75 Rodriguez's movie, jammed with gizmos and visual effects, looks more like a bigbudget extravaganza from a Hollywood studio than a relatively modest $40 million movie.
0.6 Imaginativo e divertido, explora o talento de seus jovens protagonistas para criar um filme capaz de encantar toda a familia.
0.75 ...just as enjoyable for adults as it is for kids...
0.6 Not quite as charming as the first one.
0.75 The only thing we don't know after watching Spy Kids 2 is whether Robert Rodriguez's constantly churning brain leaves him any time to sleep at night.
0.8 It's going to be a real hoot watching this duo growing up.
0.7 ...not quite up to the originality of the first film, but its sheer exuberance is good enough to keep youngsters enthralled and most adults at least mildly entertained.
0.7 ...Adequately entertaining but nothing special. Not exactly a ringing endorsement, but hey, it's August.
0.8 Kid-friendly, fun sequel is packed with zip-bang-pow style.
0.75 It's all great fun, and drives forward at a dizzying pace typical for writer-director Robert Rodriguez.
0.75 ... an over-the-top, kick-butt family film that leans toward the excess but is still a worthy sequel... making adults feel like kids again while making kids feel a bit more grown up.
0.75 It's fast-moving, overwhelming fun, full of gadgets, creatures and general whizz-bang. It could have gone disastrously wrong, but I like it.
0.5 Rodriguez is a shining example of Local Boy Makes Good but we don?t want him becoming the next George Lucas, now, do we? I doubt that is the problem.
0.75 a fantastically ridiculous kids' adventure-fantasy filled with bizarre creatures, outlandish gadgets, and anything and everything else Rodriguez's supple imagination could conjure up
0.7 It is a colourful, high-flying package that melds the gadget-happy sensibilities of its Mission: Impossible-spoofing predecessor with a parade of Hollywood in-jokes sure to amuse parents without confusing kids.
0.75 Rodriguez crams in enough exotic creatures, fancy gadgets, humor and action to make the movie's contents practically leap out of the frame.
0.7 Credit Robert Rodriguez for having his pulse on fun kid's stuff.
0.75 Proof that you can make a sophisticated, enjoyable movie that celebrates the intelligence of children without resorting to fart jokes or crotch injuries.
0.875 When the final credits roll, hyperactive preteens likely will be convinced they've just seen -- and desperately want to see again and again -- the coolest movie ever made.
0.8 It's miraculous that writer/director/co-producer/co-composer/editor/co-cinematographer/co-designer (whew!) Robert Rodriguez was able to meet our expectations.
0.75 The charm of the first movie is still there, and the story feels like the logical, unforced continuation of the careers of a pair of spy kids.
0.8 A great looking, trippy adventure. I can't wait for the next one.
0.7 'Spy Kids 2 is still about family, but it's mostly about living up to the expectations of the imagination, and with a monstrous sense of humor.'
0.75 An eye-boggling blend of psychedelic devices, special effects and backgrounds, 'Spy Kids 2' is a visual treat for all audiences.
0.8 Like the first one, this is fresh, funny, exciting, and brilliantly inventive, the best family movie of the summer.
0.6 Spy Kids 2, because of the fabulous special effects and the gadgets and the empowerment of children, should go over extremely well with kiddie audiences. Parents have less to tickle their fancy.
0.75 A cheery kid's film perfect for a Saturday matinee.
0.5 t has a lot to look at, and enough to keep most kids appeased. But it's disappointing after such a fresh and exciting original.
0.625 There still is plenty to enjoy here for kids of all ages -- as long as they keep their inner adults bound and gagged.
0.1 Slapdash and boring.
0.75 With Spy Kids 2: The Island of Lost Dreams, the Spy Kids franchise establishes itself as a durable part of the movie landscape: a James Bond series for kids.
0.5 Rodriguez's storyline is too busy to have much emotional impact.
0.65 If you never thought a movie featuring a flying pig (known as 'spork') and a half-snake, half-lizard (slizzard) could be dull, think again.
0.75 You don't have to be a child to enjoy Spy Kids 2, but it certainly helps.
0.75 Director Robert Rodriguez has once again caught lightning in a bottle.
0.8 Chockfull of nonstop inventiveness and unadulterated fun!
0.6 Cool gadgets and creatures keep this fresh. Not as good as the original, but what is...
0.7 Director/writer Robert Rodriguez spins a razzle-dazzle tale for the small fry, filled with gadgets and monsters.
0.625 While the Island and Ray Harryhausen-esque effects are great, the message gets lost amongst the eye candy.
0.75 ...like walking into a little boy's room where countless toys are scattered about in mid-play. It may be messy, but the sheer imagination on display is undeniable.
0.5 There's way too much CGI gadgetry, some inventive, much simply flashy in the worst kind of video-game way. The kids are nearly lost in the glitz.
0.6 The continued good chemistry between Carmen and Juni is what keeps this slightly disappointing sequel going, with enough amusing banter -- blessedly curse-free -- to keep both kids and parents entertained.
1.0 For Spy Kids 2 the seams are well-hidden and a more relaxed Rodriguez is inside working his feng-shui mojo, rearranging rooms to widen the flow of inspiration. The result is a truly daft but wholly organic world fueled by free association.
0.55 Overall, there's certainly enough of the familiar as well as the new to please fans of the series. For others, it's passable diversionary entertainment.
0.5 Lacks the inspiration of the original and has a bloated plot that stretches the running time about 10 minutes past a child's interest and an adult's patience. But it also has many of the things that made the first one charming.
0.875 With Spy Kids 2: The Island of Lost Dreams, however, Robert Rodriguez adorns his family-film plot with an elegance and maturity that even most contemporary adult movies are lacking.
0.5 A...more imaginative sequel...but plagued by an emptiness inside that cannot be denied.
0.7 Another entertaining romp from Robert Rodriguez.
0.5 To the delight of gadgetheads and the dismay of the rest of us, Spy Kids' paraphernalia is better developed and considerably more fun than its story.
0.4 Though it's competently made, Spy Kids 2 is a classic example of the too hasty sequel, a movie with few ideas and no heart.
0.875 The imagery snaps and pops with such jumpy, carefree energy that the movie seems to be making itself up as it goes along.
0.75 [Spy Kids 2] is both overblown and overlong compared to the original -- but happily has enough heart and smarts to recommend it as one of the season's worthier family entertainments.
0.625 Leaves you wishing Rodriguez had saved some of his ideas for another movie. There's a difference between fast-paced and chaotic, and Spy Kids 2 often blurs the line between the two.
0.875 Spy Kids 2 also happens to be that rarity among sequels: It actually improves upon the original hit movie.
1.0 A fantastical fun house of a film, one that freely, joyfully, considerately expands upon themes set forth in last summer's sleeper family audience hit.
0.75 If you saw last summer's Spy Kids, then Spy Kids 2: Island of Lost Dreams will surely be on your agenda. If you didn't, and you see the sequel, you can safely add to that agenda a trip to the video store for the original.
0.75 It's refreshing to see a kids' action movie in which the most crucial 'special effect' is a rubber band.
0.75 Strictly as a kids' movie, Spy Kids 2 stands pretty tall.
0.875 The sequel is more adult than its predecessor, but just as gadget-packed and action-filled.
0.5 A homogenous and formulaic attempt in continuing the exploits of master spy kids Carmen (Alexa Vega) and Juni (Daryl Sabara) Cortez.
0.5 With Spy Kids 2: The Island of Lost Dreams writer/director/producer Robert Rodriguez has cobbled together a film that feels like a sugar high gone awry.
0.625 A worthy successor to last year's surprise hit.
0.875 At every level, it is crystal-clear that Spy Kids 2 is a labor of love concocted by one ingenious mind.
0.8 The movie is a gaudy, noisy thrill ride -- hyperactive, slightly out of control and full of kinetic, mischievous charm.
0.7 Though Spy Kids 2 has a touch of sequel-itis, it is still imaginative, smart and stands on its own.
0.5 Though the sequel's brisk pace and imaginative monsters should keep kids relatively fidget-free, it fails on almost every other level.
0.875 More so than the first movie, Spy Kids 2 is sheer fun. Having already revealed his characters, writer-director Robert Rodriguez can concentrate on their adventures.
0.625 Agreeably substantive and charmingly resourceful, a pleasant diversion for late summer that won't actually make your children appreciably stupider.
0.6 Delivers everything you want from a sequel -- familiarity and innovation in equal measure.
0.375 There's no excuse for following up a delightful, well-crafted family film with a computer-generated cold fish.
0.7 Rodriguez has put together an satisfying sequel; the writing is very witty and the plot moves along briskly.
0.625 ...has about 3/4th the fun of its spry 2001 predecessor - but it's a rushed, slapdash, sequel-for-the-sake- of-a-sequel with less than half the plot and ingenuity.
0.75 The best part of the picture is the sibling rivalry and cooperation between Carmen and Juni, who still have great chemistry together.
0.8 With traditional family values and kid-empowerment, it's a rollicking good roller-coaster ride for its target audience.
0.5 Rock solid family fun out of the gates, extremely imaginative through out, but wanes in the middle
0.625 Gizmos are groovy but parents are even more cool.
0.625 By film's end, it's clear that family values are every bit as important to this kiddie empowerment saga as the inventiveness of its gizmos.
0.7 Casino Jack is a funny and enjoyable film with great performances.
0.3 too little too late
0.625 [Hickenlooper] tried to make sense of it all, and then conjured "a Hollywood ending." The trouble is, the Hollywood/D.C. hustler Jack Abramoff never actually provided one.
0.8 Hickenlooper's approach to the subject plus a great performance by Kevin Spacey make Casino Jack an enjoyable comedy and thought provoking social commentary.
0.6 Rather flat, but for Spacey's performance alone this is a fine examination of the U.S. political system and its inherent problems.
0.4 spatalaei dynameis sto na ypertonizei th mwrothta olwn toys anti na thn afhnei na milaei apo monh ths
0.6 Spacey and Hickenlooper take a sensitive, and possibly quite provocative subject and retell it in a way that is perhaps easier to reach for the not so politically inclined.
0.82 ...an odd and benighted film.
0.625 Excellent performances by Kevin Spacey and Barry Pepper in a movie that does measure up to its real-life story. And Jon Lovitz nearly steals the movie.
0.7 "Casino Jack" works as a political film, it works as Shakespearian tragedy, and it works on the level of just plain Kevin Spacey goofiness.
0.375 Hollywood is getting obsessed with the growing financial porn genre, where white-collar criminals get fluffed by accounting firms and the slow-motion perp walk is the new money shot. They're exploitative, best watched alone, and let's admit it...hot.
0.6 Setting aside the question of the wisdom of treating the material as comedy, the bigger problem is that Casino Jack simply isn't very funny.
0.5 The depiction of Abramoff as a rogue and rascal who becomes the fall guy in an assembly of hypocrites seems to be a whitewash at best.
0.5 What distinguishes Casino Jack, one version of lobbyist Jack Abramoff's story, is that it's often incomprehensible. That, we hasten to add, is not a good thing.
0.625 The film has a complicated political story to tell, and its erratically suspenseful narrative often detracts from its central interest - what makes Abramoff tick.
0.5 Casino Jack is really two movies: a convoluted tale about the exploits of disgraced Washington super-lobbyist Jack Abramoff, coupled with a zealous-if-misguided performance from Kevin Spacey in the title role.
0.5 Doesn't quite take its satire far enough.
0.625 a darkly humorous, but uneven cautionary tale that takes too many easy potshots at Bush-era religious conservatives
0.75 Told largely in flashback, Norman Snider's screenplay zips between Abramoff's high-rolling past and his current situation, which will lead to a prison term for fraud and corruption.
0.5 With any luck, this could have been something like "Charlie Wilson's War," but "Casino Jack" lacks the wit and elegance of that film.
0.375 The film tries to encompass all of Abramoff's encyclopedic chicanery and chokes on the sheer volume.
0.5 The film's biggest fault is that it tackles the whole sordid affair like a comedy ... Yet given the real-life tragedies instigated by Abramoff and his Republican buddies like Tom DeLay, Ralph Reed and George W. Bush, I doubt many people will be laughing.
0.3 ... as a fact-based narrative it's a mess while as a character study it's shallow and unsatisfying. Even more fatally, as a comedy it's not particularly funny.
0.75 Spacey has fun doing Abramoff doing Al Pacino, President Ronald Reagan and Sylvester Stallone. But the typically strong Spacey isn't the only actor doing commanding work here.
0.5 Casino Jack moves with such manic determination it all but reaches out from the screen and shakes you by the collar: "See, movies about lobbyists can be fun!"
0.75 "Casino Jack" is a portrait of a player - a man always dancing, always spinning.
0.5 "Casino Jack" is glib, fast-paced entertainment that barely leaves a mark - which, given the subject, is just plain wrong.
0.5 Casino Jack is all over the place: exaggerated comedy, cartoonish high jinks, then heavy-handed melodrama...
0.625 Spacey's bravura performance really sells the story.
0.5 Casino Jack fails at its most critical mission: Laying out in clear detail exactly how and when Abramoff broke the law.
0.4 Sometimes Casino Jack seems like a Keystone Lobbyist comedy; other times it's a slick character study. It's goofy and hit-or-miss.
0.5 Though it's a showcase for Spacey, Casino Jack is a shallow, confused account of the political game at its worst -- also known as business as usual.
0.3 Tackles the ultimate fall of Abramoff with an almost stunning lack of authenticity. Sees Jack the way Jack sees himself, not the way he actually is.
0.75 It is Spacey's performance that contains most of the movie's mystery; although Abramoff's actions left little room for justification, in Spacey's performance, there is some.
0.625 Entertaining, but needs more detail, background and storytelling.
0.7 ...it's time to put at least one nasty episode in comic perspective, to reflect on some of the ridiculous realities of American political life.
0.25 Spacey's portrayal of Abramoff gets at the man's contradictions - his ostensibly devout Jewish faith next to an almost sociopathic blindness to his misdeeds - but it never even partly explains them.
0.5 It's a movie of sporadically entertaining scenes that add up to a vaguely unsatisfying whole.
0.6 The biggest asset in Casino Jack is Spacey, who plays Abramoff as the cynical, snappy type of character he made so memorable in American Beauty.
0.5 Hickenlooper offers a one-dimensional portrait of a jacked-up Abramoff.
0.7 Irreverent and satirical with cocksure brilliant Kevin Spacey adroitly handling the constantly shifting, darkly absurdist allegiances.
0.5 If you care about the material, you already saw it done earlier, and better, in the Gibney film.
0.6 Embellishing Jack Abramoff's story with so much humor makes the film feel more like a political parody than a document of what really happened.
0.5 Mr. Hickenlooper's oddly apolitical caper film loses itself in the puzzle of its protagonist's personality.
0.6 A refreshing take on the political crime drama.
0.625 Golden Globe nominee Kevin Spacey has a ball and then some playing the devil inside Jack Abramoff, the corrupt GOP lobbyist who ran wild during the W. years.
0.6 ...suspended uneasily somewhere between comedy and drama
0.75 Spacey has a field day as the hyper-energetic Abramoff, the former producer of the Dolph Lundgren epic "Red Scorpion" who observes that "Washington is Hollywood with ugly people."
0.7 [H]ow a bill becomes a law in DC--a comedy. . .Spacey gives the full razzle dazzle of a flamboyant, complex idealist-turned-wheeler dealer. . .Lovitz is hilariously serious.
0.5 If being trapped in the dark with a pair of hopped-up con-artists... for an hour or so is your idea of fun times, then [this] might be the perfect unreality show for you.
0.6 The movie also hints that it's OK to be a hypocrite as long as you point out the hypocrisy of others.
0.6 Abramoff offers Spacey his most distinct and galvanic character since his highly entertaining take on Lex Luthor in Superman Returns
0.5 Though the film is peppered with one-liners tailor-made for Spacey to sling with stinging effect, it doesn't so much leave you laughing as just weary, and wishing this weren't a true story at all.
0.4 Anyone who's seen Gibney's superior version will immediately be struck by how false this fictionalized account feels.
0.75 Spacey is the reason to see Casino Jack. This movie will stand alongside The Usual Suspects and American Beauty as examples of what the actor is capable of accomplishing when he is properly motivated.
0.3 Somehow manages to make corruption boring.
0.6 There is something fascinating in seeing a really successful criminal mind doing his thing.
0.5 The film seems determined to make Jack Abramoff halfway redeemable, a questionable goal given the real-life damage the man wrought, no matter how much the system may have been to blame.
0.75 A revisionist history bio-pic, reminiscent of Charlie Wilson's War, which recasts an arrogant influence-peddler behaving like he's above the law as merely a bad-boy bon vivant with the best of intentions.
0.8 A fast-paced and spunky depiction of the power-plays, greed, corruption, and grandiosity of GOP lobbyist Jack Abramoff, a larger-than-life wheeler-dealer.
0.4 Embodies the apathy of all those bad liberals who talk about how terrible things are and continue about their day.
0.5 ...a sporadically compelling yet lamentably uneven endeavor...
0.875 A very thoughtful and bewildering drama about a man who was meant to do great things in a world that was not ready to accept his eccentricities.
0.375 The intriguing subject matter is, to an increasingly dismaying degree, rendered moot by filmmaker Morten Tyldum's run-of-the-mill sensibilities...
0.875 A highly entertaining, immaculately produced drama about a genius-hero whose stiff-upper-lip resolve can't block a kick in the teeth when, years after the war, he is prosecuted for the 'crime' of homosexuality.
1.0 A well-crafted character study which just might land the talented Benedict Cumberbatch a coveted Academy Award.
0.875 A moving tribute to an extraordinary man.
0.7 Cumberbatch gives a performance that is, by turns, awkward, triumphant, and heartbreaking.
0.8 Deftly directed by Morten Tyldum (Headhunters), the film does a great job building tension as these eggheads bond in a common cause against the Nazis. Yet as a cinematic celebration of the work Turing and his team did, the film is heavily qualified.
0.625 Nearly every moment is infused with Importance.
0.75 If you don't know who mathematician Alan Turing (Benedict Cumberbatch) was, then 'The Imitation Game' is a solid introduction to this complex individual whose discoveries were the foundation of the modern computer.
1.0 What's with the fascination in 2014 about World War II? This is the best of three very good films and looks at the invention of the computer by an unusual cast of characters.
0.7 The Imitation Game walks a fine line in making the familiar effective, also reflecting A Beautiful Mind at points.
0.8 The Imitation Game is impressive, particularly due to Cumberbatch and Knightley and the highs and lows of Turing's truly remarkable life.
0.8 A rich performance with the pathos and drama of a new age of technology set within the hardships of war.
0.5 It's hard to make the workings of the scientific mind dramatic, but unfortunately The Imitation Game doesn't even try.
0.8 Enthralling history unveiled in this well-acted film
0.9 Is The Imitation Game middlebrow stuff as some have claimed? In a sense, yes, it probably is, but that doesn't prevent it being compelling entertainment.
0.8 What could have been a very dry and earnest film emerges, under the intelligent direction of Norwegian Morten Tyldum working from a screenplay by Graham Moore, as a gripping and still rather extraordinary story.
0.6 Benedict Cumberbatch's sensitive, moving performance is the film's beating heart, and the best reason to see it.
0.875 Cumberbatch's performance is riveting, but Knightley deserves credit for doing it backwards and in heels, so to speak. In fact, Clarke probably deserves her own biopic as one of the few female practitioners of the code-breaking art.
0.8 The Imitation Game is an astounding story, both for its marvel and its misery.
0.75 Knightley here gives a mature performance that matches Cumberbatch's in commitment.
1.0 Cumberbatch's masterful performance dominates the movie, inevitably evoking his updated version of [Sherlock] Holmes... But where his Sherlock is smooth and lofty, his Turing is lofty with rough, jagged edges that keep rubbing people the wrong way.
0.6 For the filmmakers, there are simplifications that must have been inevitable, for dramatic and narrative purposes, when it comes to depicting the years of wartime work. But what of the other choices that have been made?
0.8 A compelling true story of perseverance and persecution, The Imitation Game has a lot of information it must convey to its audience. Time is of the essence. And time was always running out for Alan Turing.
0.875 The Imitation Game is a great story that's well-told, about a man who was different from many of us -- which is to say that he was exceptional at a time when the world needed such a man most.
0.8 This beautifully designed and photographed period drama, adapted from Andrew Hodges' book The Enigma by debut screenwriter Graham Moore, centres on three important points of Turing's life.
0.75 Cumberbatch is terrific. His Turing is an intense, intellectual force and stirring mix of remote, vulnerable and present.
0.6 [Benedict Cumberbatch] has had a meteoric rise, and for good reason -- he's really good at what he does. Here, he does a lot with a little.
0.875 In a year of terrific performances by leading men, Cumberbatch gets my vote for top honors.
0.6 Even though its construction feels (*cough*) formulaic and (*ahem*) by-the-numbers, it's all in service of making Alan Turing's legend known -- as well as the tragically unjust actions taken upon him years afterwards.
0.625 It's mostly to Cumberbatch's credit that The Imitation Game plays like a solid, engaging historical drama, interesting enough to suit audiences that aren't interested in either World War II history or technology.
1.0 Morten Tyldum's masterful drama neither shies away from Turing's homosexuality nor lingers on it, framing nail-biting events at Bletchley Park with the mathematician's 1951 arrest in Manchester.
0.6 It's a well told but somewhat unexciting and placid little movie that, despite the star wattage, you'd expect to catch on a Sunday afternoon on BBC2.
0.875 Cumberbatch does what he can to fill in the blanks and he is the real thing here -- all shyness, rudeness, acid comments, pathos, dazzling intellect and aching melancholy, while suppressing his velvety star charisma.
0.7 Although well-crafted and performed, The Imitation Game proves to be much to conventional a film about an unconventional, remarkable and tragic life.
0.8 This is a human drama that invites you to think, not just about the technicalities and the philosophies behind code-breaking, but also the social and psychological themes.
0.875 An engaging story about a remarkable person.
0.9 a thriller that really does thrill and at the same time draws viewers into a mathematical problem.
1.0 Benedict Cumberbatch gives a performance sure to be remembered come Oscar nomination time
1.0 Benedict Cumberbatch gives an empathy-stirring performance in the year's best biopic.
0.875 A vibrant work that refuses to be relegated to the status of just another Brit biopic appearing in the thick of awards season.
0.85 The Imitation Game is an extraordinarily riveting film with a superb score and a performance from Benedict Cumberbatch that is awkward, brilliant perfection and a welcome consideration for one of the most powerful on screen presences of the year.
0.75 Produced with a Masterpiece Theater eye for period detail, but also with a missionary's zeal to honor a wrongly dishonored man.
0.875 Cumberbatch is moviedom's man of the moment, and with this painfully human performance, the actor who has specialized in difficult geniuses finally cracks the code of compassion.
1.0 This film's overall success hangs on Cumberbatch and what is, to date, his finest performance on the big screen.
0.7 The film plays out in a satisfying manner, but with subtlety having served its purpose, it becomes increasingly bombastic about its intent.
1.0 While their careers include fine performances, Benedict Cumberbatch and Keira Knightley are so ambitious, so subtle and so intelligent as the protagonists of "The Imitation Game" that their earlier work feels light.
0.8 Despite its title, Tyldum's film isn't some imitator or wannabe. Rather, The Imitation Game, highlighted by a layered turn from Benedict Cumberbatch, is the real deal.
0.8 Turing may finally be getting what he deserves as the straightforward and well-acted The Imitation Game, featuring a strong performance from Benedict Cumberbatch as Turing.
0.875 "The Imitation Game" is both an education and a pleasure - and another chance to revel in what Cumberbatch can convey in eloquent silence.
0.75 Unlike The King's Speech, which won a clutch of Oscars for its dull propriety and Masterpiece Theater vibe, The Imitation Game is vibrant and lively, engaging you on several levels.
0.75 Cumberbatch's finely calibrated performance helps bring to life one of history's lesser-known stories and most shameful injustices.
0.2 Consider the code cracked, translated, and laid out for all to see: different is special is good, and ordinary morality is a sham, anyway.
0.8 It's an exceptional piece of work, while serving as a commentary of how the fight for human rights is still very much in its infancy, and how far we still have to go.
1.0 Cumberbatch Heartbreaking, Brilliant in "Game."
0.75 Succeeds at rendering an irascible man sympathetic.
0.7 The film is rarely anything but entertaining and humorous but its approaches are visibly commercial.
0.9 The Imitation Game is a story that needed to be told; the highest compliment I can give Mr. Tyldum, Mr. Cumberbatch, Mr. Moore and their collaborators is that they've honoured Alan Turing.
0.5 An agonisingly shallow, de-historical depiction of Turing as psychological agent.
0.875 It's easy to see The Imitation Game as a triumph - after all, Turing accomplished what all the experts claimed was impossible - but it's equally apparent that underlying the triumph is a tragedy.
0.75 Serviceably dramatizes an important historical story while giving rising star Cumberbatch suitably juicy material.
0.9 It's a lovely year end present. Near perfect, and damn entertaining with moments of thrills, triumph, and sadness...
0.8 Many actors are too cowardly, or too egotistical, to play an unsympathetic character. So Cumberbatch's performance deserves more consideration than many of his peers'.
0.625 As uncomplicatedly likeable and effortlessly rootable as its main character and star, The Imitation Game ultimately wins at any easy game, when it could have risked - and revealed - so much more.
0.6 n the end, The Imitation Game ably details a little-known corner of the WWII story, one that has incredible relevance today.
0.75 The Imitation Game is simple, but it is also cogent in making the case for its subject's place in history...
0.8 You can't help but walk out feeling as though you've just seen one of the more important stories about one of the more important people - gay or straight - of our time.
0.875 There's a film to be made about how government secrecy came spiraling out from Bletchley to conquer the future in which we now live, but "The Imitation Game" would rather give you a very good night at the movies.
0.875 A handsome and stirring film of Second World War ingenuity that also succeeds as cracking good entertainment.
1.0 Imitation Game is partly a tragedy, partly a history lesson, but largely a dramatic plea not just to embrace those who think differently, but actually appreciate them.
0.8 There is nothing unique about the film itself - except for the mesmerizing performance by Benedict Cumberbatch in the lead role.
0.75 "The Imitation Game" leaves Turing's essential mysteries intact, but they will nonetheless find even the most public contours his story ripe with drama, excitement and deeply affecting resonance.
0.75 The actors save the day.
0.75 "The Imitation Game" translates Turing and his team's achievement for a lay audience, while dramatizing the personal, scientific and bureaucratic obstacles they faced.
0.8 Cumberbatch nails it. If only the film did, too.
0.625 Like the recent The Theory of Everything, The Imitation Game does a better job with the historical bullet points than with the interior lives of its characters.
0.9 A well-written historical drama that also feels fiercely contemporary.
0.8 The Imitation Game is a great biopic. The trouble is, biopics just ain't that great.
1.0 A lively, exciting beat-the-clock thriller. Frequently sharp and witty.
0.6 The Imitation Game may not be the big screen biography Turing deserves, but if this is the one that introduces his work to wider audiences, we'll take it.
0.8 Strong performances buoy teen-friendly historical drama.
0.8 The Imitation Game is a fantastic piece of historical theater that never fully embraces its cinematic identity.
0.8 While Cumberbatch will get all the accolades, his character's younger self is inhabited by actor Alex Lawther, whose performance matches and complements the lead marvelously.
0.875 There's truth to it. Turing's story is indeed hard to imagine. Thanks to Cumberbatch's committed performance, a lot more people will know it.
0.77 Cumberbatch creates a memorable character who is at once fascinating and off-putting.
0.7 Cumberbatch has the ability to spin Turing's absence of tact into comedy and pathos.
0.6 An entertaining thriller, but a miscalculated biopic.
0.875 Benedict Cumberbatch is brilliant.
0.75 It's frustrating but the movie works thanks to Cumberbatch's excellent performance and the eternally powerful image of the tortured hero.
0.8 The story of Alan Turing, and his immeasurable contribution to modern society, is superbly adapted for the screen in The Imitation Game.
0.7 Too bad the film often seems more concerned about its own year-end legacy than its subject's.
0.875 Most likely, it was the intent of screenwriter Graham Moore to make a puzzle out a film about puzzle solving. That is not necessarily a bad thing, however, once the pieces fall into in place.
0.4 2014 may go down as the year the music kidnapped the movies.
0.875 Thoroughly entertaining, utterly conventional.
0.7 Beatifully capturing the era, the acting by Cumberbatch and Knightley is very good, but the well-directed story doesn't need the couple of trite plot devices that diminish the end product.
0.6 "As fine-tuned and moving a performance as Cumberbatch delivers - all the more impressive for being created from scratch, since no audio or video recordings of Turing exist - the film's Turing suffers an acute lack of an inner life."
0.875 The film's prime force is Cumberbatch, a great actor whose talent shines here on its highest beams. It's an explosive, emotionally complex performance.
0.625 It never quite brings everything together into a dramatic whole.
0.75 Based on the biography by Andrew Hodges, Imitation illuminates Turing's brilliance in an engrossing and moving film that features a standout, Oscar-worthy performance by Benedict Cumberbatch.
1.0 It's a sad and heartbreaking story that keeps you nailed to the screen for its entire 114-minute running time.
0.9 Prestige biopics don't get much better than "The Imitation Game." This is a special film.
0.4 'The Imitation Game' doesn't embarrass itself by trying to explain convoluted mathematical issues; there's nothing on the order of 'A Beautiful Mind''s forehead-slapping breakdown of game theory.
0.9 A riveting and emotional historical piece that bolsters one of the best performances of the year by Benedict Cumberbatch.
0.6 There's an algorithm for making an Oscar-ready prestige picture - and "The Imitation Game" follows it obsessively.
0.7 Handsomely made, respectably acted, and reveals an interesting and important piece of world history. In other words, it's a standard biopic.
0.8 A biopic that plays out like a cerebral thriller, this film traces the life of Alan Turing, the British maths genius who essentially invented the computer and won World War II before being driven to suicide by a cruel legal system.
0.8 Engrossing, if emotionally evasive - featuring Benedict Cumberbatch's exceptional performance...
0.8 The Imitation Game does justice to a great British hero and a story of incredible triumph against impossible odds.
0.875 Intriguing character study and exciting war drama rolled into one
0.8 The film-makers have set out to tell us a yarn and they have succeeded admirably. Celebrate a film that will enhance rainy bank-holiday weekends for decades to come.
0.6 Simplified and conventionalised though it may be, this has to be accounted the most compelling dramatisation of Turing's story yet.
0.8 Fascinating and thrilling, The Imitation Game keeps you gripped by always offering a reminder of what's at stake, as well as exploring the mind of a brilliant but unfairly treated war hero who should never be forgotten.
0.8 Nothing can soften the tragedy that characterised Turing's later years, but this remains a testament to a singular, brilliant man and his extraordinary achievements.
0.8 No guns-blazing thriller, this is an old-fashioned code-cracking drama.
0.4 Such an astonishing, crucial life as Turing's deserves a more courageous, inventive film. Not this opportunistic, King's Speech -like Oscar grab.
1.0 A great performance by Benedict Cumberbatch and an illuminating portrait of the large role secrets can play in our lives.
0.6 Amounts to less than it should but still worth a jaunt.
0.6 Despite its flaws, The Imitation Game watchably recreates one of Britain's finest hours, and one of its most shameful.
0.6 Morten Tyldum ties it all together with such steadfast dedication to fine-ness that makes it very difficult to be cross with his film.
0.6 It's not a bad film, but it's certainly a timid one ...
0.8 A superb thriller and a worthy biopic of a real hero.
0.8 A finely etched character study, with Cumberbatch on towering form. Set coordinates for the Oscars.
0.6 Do I think The Imitation Game is among the year's best films? Absolutely not, but that should not be held against the film that is, warts and all, an intelligent and mostly entertaining historical drama.
0.5 Given the liberties the film takes, it's surprising that it refuses to penetrate Alan Turing's carnality and allow Benedict Cumberbatch to truly wrestle with the torment of the man's sexuality.
0.8 Turing is a tougher role to play than it might once have been, but Cumberbatch burrows beneath the surface to reveal someone with machine-like logic locked in a soulful struggle against an inhuman society.
0.8 With a large dose of Sherlock and a sprinkling of The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time, Benedict Cumberbatch is just brilliant in the role of Alan Turing.
1.0 To feel gripped, on edge and moved in such a short period of time is of real commendation to Tyldum, who takes his audience through the motions in this unforgettable piece.
0.8 This is a very clandestine way to make a liberal message movie, but it works. You could almost say that it serves up Oscar bait in code.
1.0 Benedict Cumberbatch is odds-on to be nominated for an Oscar (at the very least) for his brilliant turn as Alan Turing.
1.0 Cumberbatch bristles with brilliance in this handsome biopics the British do so well about the fascinating, tragic story of mathematician Alan Turing.
0.8 The Imitation Game is a surprisingly brainy war picture about some of the more unexpected heroes behind the scenes.
1.0 Morten Tyldum's espionage thriller about Alan Turing is purely sensational with a performance for the ages by Benedict Cumberbatch. One of the year's very best.
0.9 Utterly absorbing true-life spy thriller. Cumberbatch is wonderful.
0.8 The Imitation Game makes a compelling case for futzing with the details of a biopic in order to get a more engaging message across.
0.6 The Imitation Game is a film about a human calculator which feels... a little too calculated.
0.8 The intrigue and intensity of the war and espionage plot are compelling, but Cumberbatch captivates as Turing.
0.8 Headhunters director Morten Tyldum and Benedict Cumberbatch, at the top of his game, forge the definitive account of Turing's life.
0.6 It's too formulaic, too efficient at simply whisking you through and making sure you've clocked the diversity message.: without square pegs - like those played by Cumberbatch and Knightley - the world would be by far the poorer.
0.6 The Imitation Game puts Alan Turing's life on a conveyer belt. So we understand him less as a human. Other than his connection to his machine.
0.8 Hidden codes, secret meanings and mixed messages pulse through the reliable, old-fashioned, buzzing copper wires of this true-life British period drama.
0.79 Strong, stirring, triumphant and tragic, The Imitation Game may be about a man who changed the world, but it's also about the world that destroyed a man.
0.625 ...something I'd want my preteen children to see before they get too much more sophisticated.
0.6 How did Fincher - a director who is very good at supplying thrills to thrillers, whatever his other strengths or limitations might be - end up shepherding such a leaden film?
0.8 Extreme suspense, graphic violence; not for kids.
0.875 Valuing logic over brutality, David Fincher's claustrophobic ride also touted the real-world practicality of keeping quiet over the cinematic kicks of a loud thriller. It's like "Wait Until Dark" with helplessness that's emotional, not just physical.
0.5 There are so little things you can do with this story and a lot of it is pretty contrived.
0.75 [Allows] Fincher to shine as the skilled, stylish director that he is.
0.75 After his mind-bending, exhilarating Fight Club, director David Fincher takes on a more conventional Hollywood thriller.
0.8 Ultimately, this is just a big, dumb, commercial suspenser - but it's one of the best for ages, reminding us that it is still possible to make a high quality piece of popcorn entertainment.
0.8 Panic Room is a very scary film, well made and lovingly dark, and it illustrates how terrified we are of becoming the victims we see on TV.
0.625 Director David Fincher stuffs the film with showy camerawork, including a trip into a keyhole, down drainpipes and through air vents.
0.875 ... Further proof that Fincher is one of the cinema's true modern masters.
0.75 Solid
1.0 ...one of the most taut and exciting thrillers to emerge out of Hollywood in a good long while.
0.6 A film which finds Fincher doing a straightforward studio thriller but peppering it with enough of his own magic to keep his fans interested.
0.8 Atmosphere, deliberate pacing, intriguing characters, and edge-of-your-seat suspense . . . its only weaknesses coming in the form of excess on the finishing touches.
0.5 Let's hope Fincher has enjoyed his vacation in Popcornopolis; now may the real David Fincher, the black-tar heart David Fincher, please resume his post in the vanguard.
1.0 Seeing Jodie Foster lay on her pillow, helpless, as shadows walk through hallways behind her, frightened me to the core.
0.7 ...Even if it misses the mark on the thriller elements, it is at least stylish enough to be watchable.
0.8 David Fincher's directorial skill makes a tense tale snap with smart terror.
1.0 Hugely enjoyable thriller by David Fincher, with Foster back on top form -- stylish, thrilling and nail-bitingly suspenseful, this is top quality stuff...
0.75 Not a great film, but with such high-octane talent on board, it is better than run-of-the-mill.
0.625 For an average filmmaker, this might be a nice addition to a resume but for Fincher, this is a disappointment.
0.875 From the bravura title sequence ... to tracking shots of the criminals casing their target, Fincher is able to expand artistically while shackled to a claustrophobic setting.
0.8 OK, so we never have much doubt about what will happen, but Fincher pulls out all the visual stops to crank up the heat in this tale of five people in a Manhattan house on one dark and stormy night.
0.75 Fincher mounts some clever, tense sequences in which the trio devises increasingly threatening strategies to force Meg and Sarah out of the panic room, only to be matched with improvised ingenuity from behind the vault door.
0.875 Fincher comprueba que el cine de escapismo y entretenimiento puede hacerse de forma inteligente y sin ofender al espectador menospreciando su capacidad mental.
0.8 During the thrilling moments every ounce of suspense earned the right to be there.
1.0 Enjoyable, but not enough to make me panic.
0.875 a first-rate nail biter, a taut, claustrophobic thriller that is part modern Hitchcock and part Peckinpah with a gender twist
0.72 A tight and tense viewing experience.
0.8 Effective use of camera movements, slow motion and total silence - all to build the tension. You can feel the audience holding their breaths and it doesn't matter that you know what's going to happen next.
0.8 Mais um momento inspirado de David Fincher.
0.625 Very well made, but doesn't generate a lot of tension.
0.5 Visual flare aside, you have a film that takes few chances -- a novelty for a director who's made his reputation on revising the thriller genre to suit his kinaesthetic picture representation and existential stance.
0.875 Placing it in the wide perspective of many other thrillers, it most definitely stands out in the crowd.
1.0 This is good stuff and you'd have to be numb to not feel the suspense as tides turn and turn again.
0.8 Everything is perfectly planned and laid out.
0.8 Fincher crafts supremely effective suspense sequences.
0.8 Panic Room is pretty much all suspense; you don't exactly need Fiennes, Olivier and Gielgud in this one to make it work.
0.5 The 'fretful room' is a better description of this light thriller that unfolds like "Die Hard within a Budget."
0.6 The viewer may be incredulous but never bored.
0.75 David Fincher hasn't made a bad movie yet
0.75 Style definitely wins over substance, and it's difficult to imagine the film being as enjoyable an entertainment if that were not the case.
0.6 Although Panic Room manages to deliver a visual story about a horrific home intrusion, the film lacks overall creative narrative options that would sustain and effectively develop the film's horror and suspense.
0.875 Panic Room is a state of the art example of solid Hollywood filmmaking.
0.875 'Panic Room' is taut, convincing, stylish and edgy cinema.
0.6 As always, Fincher knows how to up the ante on the suspense, but even his dark, arty direction can't cover up the film's clunky, predictable screenplay.
0.7 Jodie Foster makes a good Sarah Connor, kicking butt and flashing cleavage...Panic Room isn't an edge-of-your-seat thriller, but it's entertaining.
0.875 Panic Room is like the Energizer bunny of suspense; it just keeps going and going and going.
0.75 'Panic Room" is a conventional, but well-crafted thriller which benefits from very talented actors.
0.5 For a film that feels suspiciously like an early summer release, Panic Room pushes just enough of the right buttons.
0.8 Hugely accomplished slice of Hitchcockian suspense.
0.8 Foster nails the role, giving a tight, focused performance illuminated by shards of feeling.
0.75 A superb exercise in eliciting suspense out of simple, progressively sticky situations.
0.75 Cookie-cutter though this may be, Jodie makes for some awfully good eye candy.
0.75 Style dominates content, even when it comes to such niceties as continuity and establishing shots.
0.8 It's a treat for the eyes and ears.
0.6 A well-crafted exercise in urban paranoia that's so controlled it never achieves the reckless, visceral immediacy its subject matter demands.
0.5 It feels less like a suspense movie than a video-game spinoff of a suspense movie.
0.75 [Fincher] magically crafts stylish suspense out of the narrative equivalent of thin air.
0.625 It's a triumph of technical filmmaking; as a story, it's got ice in its heart.
0.7 A generally taut and effective little thriller.
0.75 It might sometimes forget to make sense, but no matter, since it creates enough tension that the audience can hardly think anyway.
1.0 It's a terrific entertainment.
0.75 The star of this movie is Fincher, who has filmed it in a grand style that manages to avoid showy excesses.
0.8 The talented Foster manages to inject considerable depth into her character.
0.75 Fincher clearly has talent to burn, and though this one doesn't set the screen ablaze, it certainly sends up a few sparks.
1.0 A class act from its elegant opening titles to its intense, nail-biting climax.
0.875 Taut and forbidding, enough so that you won't mind the implausibilities.
0.625 Fincher brings suspense but few surprises to this mousetrap of a tale written by Pewaukee native David Koepp, who has baited it with a cheese-flavored McGuffin.
0.8 Foster brings much more subtle depth and insight to her character than is normally associated with such genre thrillers.
0.8 The sophisticated, superior performances [Fincher] coaxes from his entire cast start to layer in emotional subtext that lets this thriller chill your blood.
0.7 The tension builds from the very start and keeps on pumping for the rest of the film.
0.75 It confirms Fincher's status as a film maker who artfully bends technical know-how to the service of psychological insight.
0.5 Director David Fincher and writer David Koepp can't sustain it.
0.75 It's a pleasurable revelation to see Foster feel out a role, both emotively and physically, with the well-marshaled gusto that she does here.
0.5 Foster usually makes intelligent choices, but, time and again, one wonders what she could have seen in David Koepp's script, which ranges from flimsy to nonexistent.
0.875 Unencumbered with the usual sociological weight his movies carry, Fincher gets to revel in the sheer gee-whizziness of his craft.
0.5 David Koepp has worked backwards to write the worst movie of his career.
0.6 While Jodie Foster's resourceful fight for survival is convincing, David Koepp's script is predictable and David Fincher's direction is manipulative.
0.7 [Fincher's] camera sense and assured pacing make it an above-average thriller.
0.75 Once we sense Panic Room isn't going to cheat, it gathers in tension, because the characters are operating out of their own resources, and that makes them the players, not the pawns.
0.75 An acceptably diverting Saturday night at the movies, especially if you're willing to check your brains at the popcorn stand.
0.75 Features Fincher's characteristically startling visual style and an almost palpable sense of intensity.
0.625 Because Room's own time is limited to the 95-minute range, things move fast enough to make it a movie to enjoy and then forget.
0.75 Yes, Fincher is stooping this time -- his posture may not be sublime, but he does manage to conquer most of our objections.
0.9 Panic Room might seem small and modest on the outside, but once in, the picture is an orgy of tension and thrills unmatched by any film in the last year.
0.6 Even without a twist or two, this compelling psychological thriller delivers the goods.
0.5 Koepp's screenplay isn't nearly surprising or clever enough to sustain a reasonable degree of suspense on its own.
0.5 What goes on for the 110 minutes of "Panic Room" is a battle of witlessness between a not-so-bright mother and daughter and an even less capable trio of criminals.
0.625 Not even the expansion of Psycho's peephole into a bank of video monitors can convince of Panic Room's purported heritage.
0.8 The best new film of the year!
0.875 We should be so lucky if all popcorn movies starred Jodie Foster and had the delicious interplay of psychological will, strategic cunning and reasonably watertight plausibility.
0.6 What's surprising about this traditional thriller, moderately successful but not completely satisfying, is exactly how genteel and unsurprising the execution turns out to be.
0.7 The script's snazzy dialogue establishes a realistic atmosphere that involves us in the unfolding crisis, but the lazy plotting ensures that little of our emotional investment pays off.
0.875 One of those rare movies where you realize you're being manipulated but you succumb to it because the guy who's pulling the strings is a master.
0.75 Works the basics with style and intelligence.
0.75 Tense, terrific, sweaty-palmed fun.
0.5 There is no shortage of twists and turns, but nearly all are easily maneuvered, and those that aren't only tend to test the traditional suspense-movie suspension of disbelief.
0.75 Defies logic, the laws of physics and almost anyone's willingness to believe in it. But darned if it doesn't also keep us riveted to our seats.
0.75 Foster breathes life into a roll that could have otherwise been bland and run of the mill.
0.8 A remarkably straightforward and effective thriller.
0.75 Fincher is a master of kinetic razzle-dazzle, goosing familiar or trite material to life with his high-tech bag of tricks.
0.875 David Fincher's Panic Room is the closest we've come to a film worthy of the banner "a female Die Hard."
0.8 This film had me crunching down on my fingernails and enjoying every tension-filled minute.
0.9 A taut thriller that would have made Hitchcock proud.
0.87 If the plot seems a bit on the skinny side, that's because Panic Room is interested in nothing more than sucking you in...and making you sweat.
0.75 Without question, "Panic Room" is robust thriller. But I expected more from a filmmaker as creative as Fincher.
0.875 The suspense in Panic Room never ebbs, and that makes for a thoroughly entertaining -- if somewhat exhausting -- 108 minutes.
0.75 In an intriguing opening title sequence, the cameras pan about New York City's skyscrapers with frightening panache as if each edifice holds some hideous secret.
0.9 The movie really moves at a breakneck pace and never really seems to slow down.
0.6 The film is pitiless and efficient, and it's certainly effective, but it isn't really a lot of fun to watch.
0.625 Panic Room may lack depth but it's great eye-candy nonetheless.
0.6 Explores the dark connection between guilt, sex, and Catholicism.
0.375 A synthesis of stuff we've seen in every gangster movie since the '70s
0.75 Hensleigh wields the techniques with a sure hand and uses them to construct a compelling, engaging narrative, but at the same time seasoned viewers will constantly feel a nagging sense of familiarity.
0.5 It's not just that the movie appears to find Greene far more charming than he was in Porrello's book. It's that Kill the Irishman never brings either freshness or energy to its tale. In the end, even the many explosions seem tired.
0.4 Certainly the filmmakers rounded up the right cast of tough-guy actors for this story of mob activity, but their presence doesn't lend much vigor to this unfocused and sentimental tale.
0.5 ...suffers from the twin deficits of a charm-free leading man and a screenplay that seems composed of dialogue and scenes written and then discarded by writers working on better films.
0.5 Hey, "Kill the Irishman." "The Sopranos" called. It wants its actors back. Along with everything else you borrowed.
0.4 Rushed and simplistic, with little sense of its characters as people or the flavor of their time and place.
0.75 [Stevenson is] crazily charismatic here, a blend of brash cockiness and sensitivity, and he makes a satisfying film even better.
0.625 Hensleigh romanticizes Greene and doesn't have a very nuanced understanding of labor racketeering. That said, he does possess a fine eye for shabby urban landscapes and a nice way with explosions.
0.7 The cast makes up for some occasionally spotty storytelling and telegraphing of events that keep "Irishman" from being as good as it could have been.
0.75 What makes this film special and memorable is the character of Danny Green, who is not the usual neighborhood hoodlum you see in movies, the kind who gets in deep and gradually loses his soul.
0.5 Stevenson is big and swarthy and not altogether without credibility, but he's got as much charisma as a potato.
0.6 The film is proof that a good story and a great cast can overcome a lot of obstacles.
0.7 I thoroughly enjoyed it, and I hope we get to see more quality mob movies sooner rather than later.
0.2 A movie that includes Val Kilmer, Vincent D'Onofrio and Christopher Walken shouldn't be dull, but somehow Kill The Irishman manages it.
0.5 At the same time overemphatic and insecure.
0.625 It's full of familiar old faces, a wee bit of color -- and, occasionally, a literally explosive charge of drama.
0.625 As a kind of St. Patrick's Day hangover, "Kill the Irishman'' gets the job done.
0.6 A mishmash of familiar mafia tale beats and rise to power/fall from glory tropes, the film is nonetheless buoyed by a strong cast -- particularly its star, Ray Stevenson, who plays the flagrantly coifed mad bomber Greene.
0.5 The setting lacks the gritty feel of the mean streets of New York, Jersey or even Boston mob movies. It is, after all, Cleveland. The story, which gets bogged down in detail, often feels predictable and lacks spark.
0.5 As Danny's old-lady neighbor puts it, there's a bit of good in every Irishman, and the same goes for this movie, what with the performances from Stevenson, Vincent D'Onofrio, and Christopher Walken.
0.6 The film successfully evokes a mid 70's inner city look and feel, and builds dramatic tension, but from the title on down we know the ending that is coming.
0.75 The film stands apart from its countless predecessors in its evocation of the existential essence of a life spent perpetually looking over one's shoulder.
0.5 An extravagantly corny ode to the collapse of the Cleveland mafia in the 1970s.
0.5 In the lead role, the snarling Ray Stevenson suffers from a charisma deficit.
0.4 Cliched shards of mob movies that add up to the usual "Goodfellas" knockoff.
0.6 Yes, we've seen all this stuff before, but we've never seen this version of this stuff before.
0.75 A fun and entertaining take on the genre.
0.25 A mind-numbingly familiar saga of thuggish tough guys, dapper mafioso, and urban warfare that, despite a based-on-real-life pedigree, proves indistinguishable from its imitative brethren.
0.3 Girls Against Boys is a pro-female exploitation flick that completely misses the mark on being pro-female, exploitation, and most importantly, a good movie.
0.875 ...a seriously off-the-wall little movie that offers more entertainment value than most efforts of this ilk...
0.7 There's more going on beneath the surface here than just another "angry women act out" horror story.
0.375 When it comes to "Girls Against Boys," it's a draw - everyone loses.
0.2 In "Girls Against Boys" both sides lose.
0.0 A dumb, dreary, let's-get-back-at-them slasher in which pulverized genitals pass for feminist critique.
0.2 Panabaker and LaLiberte give their all, but the movie is all moral compass and mainstream emotion, and never as edgy or transgressive as it thinks it is.
0.4 Writer-director Austin Chick throws in echoes of Abel Ferrara's feminist grindhouse classic Ms. 45, but the provocation feels hollow and the stylish direction-filled with pensive slo-mo-just slows things down.
0.5 There's nothing cool or sexy or thrilling about this lame attempt at a revenge thriller that deserves any attention beyond the DVD bin.
0.25 Essentially a horror movie in which the source of the horror shifts from capital-M men to crazed lesbianism.
0.5 Creaky, old-hat, and forgettable.
0.4 Erratic effort by master Hitchcock.
0.5 ...a sporadically compelling yet hopelessly inconsequential piece of work.
0.5 To put things into perspective, the campier "Saw" films are all better -- and more clever ...
0.6 Comes off as a semi-absurd variant of the horror mystique cheating the potentials of impeccable production values.
0.6 Gleefully brimming with body parts and bad behavior, Pathology is a fun piece of flamboyant tastelessness.
0.75 Even squeamish viewers are apt to be captivated by the tight, credible scripting; these 20-somethings talk and behave like today's irony-clad young sophisticates. And whatever your opinion of the subject matter, you can't fault the filmmaking.
0.6 Not exactly a great movie, but it's sick, slick, and strange enough to warrant a 90-minute look.
0.2 This is the film that should have been called "Coma"
0.5 Slickly made but utterly gratuitous, this wannabe-edgy thriller was an odd choice for Ventimiglia to make during his first Heroes hiatus.
0.7 If you are a hardcore fan of films like FLATLINERS, I guarantee that you'll dig this flick... PATHOLOGY is really a gem that doesn't deserve to be overlooked.
0.7 One of the more effective and chilling thrillers released this year.
0.6 Medical thriller mixes extreme violence, sex.
0.875 Jekyll's tragedy in this unique Stevenson revamp is that he doesn't understand that much of humanity already lives a Jekyll-and-Hyde existence -- including his unfaithful bride, who is a 'perfect wife' by day and a 'perfect mistress' by night.
0.2 In the hands of the director Vadim Perelman, it becomes a jumble of dramatic scenes and disorientating flashbacks that merge into a confusing, stream-of-consciousness narrative, and the twist, when it comes, is a complete cheat.
0.5 A thoughtful, if sentimental, semi-successful attempt to craft a drama about life and choice around the difficult subject matter of a school shooting.
0.6 The movie's relentless dream-like quality could induce slack-jawed wonder...or chronic narcolepsy depending how receptive the viewer is to non-linear narrative and super-stylised flights of fancy.
0.6 A touching tale from director Vadim Perelman with a surprise ending that leaves you plenty to ponder.
0.4 A sudsy potboiler with a twist you can see coming from the title.
0.4 Part Elephant, part Jacob's Ladder, moments of bruising power are dulled by overwrought symbolism and a baffling wrap-up.
0.166666666667 Ambition and accomplishment are aeons apart in this would-be meaningful drama.
0.2 Surely the point of a "twist" is that it should slot into the plot with a satisfying click, not that it should invalidate 50 per cent of what came before it?
0.4 Vadim Perelman's drama is both tasteful and tedious. With its honeyed visuals, affluent air and coy portents of disaster, it's like an advert for private health care played out on an endless loop.
0.4 The film's dogged repetition of its pivotal scene has to go somewhere, but it's enslaved to a narrative conceit even M Night Shyamalan might find a trifle gimmicky.
0.6 Absorbing.
0.4 Flitting back and forth in time, it's too confusing to entertain, while Wood and Thurman look nothing like one another, making for a disjointed and often dire experience.
0.2 Poorly conceived, badly written and ultimately ridiculous drama with a jaw-droppingly crass twist ending that backfires horribly.
0.2 The ending is as baffling as anything preceding it - giving rise to a genre conflict situation.
0.375 THE LIFE BEFORE HER EYES starts off as superficial, sentimental trite, then turns into an incoherent journey into God knows what.
0.2 baboyriarika poiitiko aytohaidema toy Perelman meta to House of Sand and Fog (2003), ayti ti fora dipla aforito, horis ena kapoio stori na krybetai kato ap' toys koyfioys loystrarismenoys symbolismoys toy
0.7 The surprises Perelman has for you along the way will blow your mind and have you talking hours after you leave the theater.
0.875 It's an underrated, and horrific little dramatic thriller that twists the noose at every turn...
0.4 Disturbing school-shooting drama is a puzzler.
0.8 ...slowly builds an emotional power that takes us by surprise...
0.875 Just ignore the critics -- in this case, we don't know what we're talking about.
0.75 Studio movies rarely depict Christians as fallible, thoughtful people who've been strengthened by faith but don't take it for granted.
0.4 The twist is exactly what you think it is, and it pretty much invalidates any emotional investment you can work up before it arrives.
0.8 (The Life Before Her Eyes) is one of those films that you will walk out of just feeling very shaken up and disturbed.
0.25 That the ending doesn't play fair with the audience is a misdemeanor; the felony is that the filmmakers don't seem to realize what an ugly moral statement they're making with it.
0.5 A 'Carnival of Souls' for Mitch Albom readers...
0.76 ... not so much a bad movie as an infuriating one, a pretty empty thing that wants desperately to be loved for its deep thoughts.
0.4 [J]ust when you think you're getting an interesting movie about women and their travails and triumphs, the whiffs of a Shocking! Twist! Ending! begin to appear."
0.5 And then, THUD. Like an Acme anvil, the ending smashes everything to smithereens and you're left as discouraged as Wile E. Coyote.
0.3 Full of fussed-over significant images and delicately planned interlocking narrative motives, and it's about as subtle and clever as somebody clubbing you over the head with a folding chair
0.5 What you get, in the end, is a pair of fine performances (from Thurman and Wood) and a technically well-made film that arrives at a foregone conclusion.
1.0 Thoroughly thought through and photographed with imagination and psychological penetration, it's the product of a very shrewd directorial hand.
0.25 The Life Before Her Eyes might offer a fresh perspective on aborted dreams, but its insights are buried under stale, inflated moviemaking.
0.3 Perelman eases the transitions between the past and the present with echoing phrases and situations, but they all seem rather pat and contrived.
0.3 If The Life Before Her Eyes has a message, it is that life is too short to squander on foolhardy meaninglessness. Take the film's advice. Stay away.
0.5 Director Vadim Perelman fetishizes the threat of violence with his caressing camera.
0.625 There are two very fine performances here -- Wood's and Amurri's -- but they're not strong enough to rise above the metaphor-laden script.
0.5 It's too clever by half, too facile in its use of sensationalist headline material, too far-fetched in its psychological fancy.
0.5 It's sad to see such subtle, wrenchingly emotional work expended on such trifling material.
0.625 What began as tragedy ends as mere sleight -- and turns a trusting audience into dupes.
0.25 An overwrought and patently offensive anti-abortion drama from the director of the accomplished House of Sand and Fog. Director Vadim Perelman doesn't play fair.
0.25 What this heavy-handed film mainly has to endure is a clunky story structure and an ending that wasn't original when it was seen four decades ago on The Twilight Zone.
0.25 [Director] Perelman applies a rigorous visual beauty to this thin gimmick of a movie.
0.4 What this film knows about grief, you could put in a haiku. (It'd read: "Death sucks, like really/Nothing else matters, ever/Therapy-what's that?")
0.4 As it plods along decorously, you have the sense of reading a poetic essay in which every image and metaphor is hammered too neatly in place.
0.4 tasteful, overwrought direction at its finest.
0.75 Paints a compelling and thought-provoking picture of not only school violence, but violence in general, and the trickle-down effect that a single moment in time can have on one's whole future.
0.4 The final twist ... only proves that the rest of the movie wasn't so confusing and irritating by accident -- it was designed that way.
0.75 Director Vadim Perelman blends two powerful performances into a seamless whole, giving equal time to the dreamy sensuality of adolescence and the crushing weight of adulthood.
0.75 Technically, the movie is impressive.
0.166666666667 Building up to what's supposed to be a serious moral dilemma, the noisy final act borders on incoherence.
0.75 Gorgeous, haunting and thought-provoking ... a solid sophomore effort from Perelman despite its potentially frustrating pace.
0.7 Audiences used to having everything spelled out for them may find the film too much work, but there are, I hope and believe, many people who appreciate and enjoy unraveling the mysteries of a poem or painting for themselves.
0.6 Involvement is less than it might have been as sympathy gets nicked away by the effort to resolve the associations and meanings. The search for the "ah hah!" moment is exhausting.
0.75 ...an intricately-plotted and richly conceived drama...
0.6 Not anywhere as good as it should be.
0.4 Improbable re-enactment of an investigation into long-ago outbreak of hate crimes.
0.75 Well-acted, compelling, good script. Good message.
0.6 Hackman delivers some of the best work of his career. And this guy's been doing it for 30 years.
1.0 "Mississippi Burning" feels like a movie made from the inside out, a movie that knows the ways and people of its small Southern city so intimately that, having seen it, I know the place I'd go for a cup of coffee and the place I'd steer clear from.
0.625 The well of surprise is all but parched in the post-Tarantino seriocomic crime caper genre.
0.2 More Tom and Jerry than Thelma and Louise.
0.8 Engaging and successful for fans of the genre
0.5 Too much style and not enough of anything else.
0.5 The dialogue is banal and the characters are irritatingly dumb.
0.5 Full of sharp ideas but undermined by blunt-headed characters and logistical loopholes.
0.8 Why should boys have all the fun in the movies?
0.8 For all of us bad little boys and girls.
0.375 A movie about two of the most loathsome women in recent cinema, and the movie thinks the male characters are the villains.
0.75 The women operate at different speeds, contrast well and make a likable duo.
0.125 The results are odious.
0.6 At least nobody could accuse the director Bill Eagles or his writer Simon Donald of mealy-mouthed timidity.
0.75 ...an entertaining and darkly clever little British crime film, giving the spotlight to the girlfriends of the hoods instead
0.5 Would be more appealing if the women's behavior weren't alternately moronic and venal.
0.1 Loathsome as any mindless, blood-drenched Hollywood action-adventure yarn.
0.4 0.6
0.7 One need not be a Cameron acolyte to recognise that The Abyss has aged better than some of the films that outshone it back in the day.
0.625 What ultimately saves the film are its extraordinary sets and phenomenal Oscar-winning visual effects.
0.5 The attempt to extract the essences of several genres (cold-war submarine thriller, love story, Disney fantasy, pseudomystical SF in the Spielberg mode) and mix them together ultimately leads to giddy incoherence.
0.8 Great blending of spectacle and drama.
1.0 Forget Titanic this is Cameron's best underwater flick
1.0 What was once a well-made, well-acted mess is now a very poignant and satisfying sci-fi adventure.
1.0 A gorgeous and fascinating underwater adventure.
0.6 A remarkable film...the vfx are super!
0.8 For God's sake, make sure you have the director's cut. The theatrical cut was an abomination.
1.0 Brilliant at sustaining tension and interest.
0.6 Suffers due to its incredible length and slow pace, but intriguing, nonetheless.
0.8 A classic.
0.8 ...the undersea adventure may have you waterlogged after the first hour.
0.8 The film lasts for more than two hours, yet the audience could hardly expect to be bored.
1.0 a rare film--big-budget Hollywood entertainment on a grand scale that is able to seamlessly incorporate many levels of meaning into an entertaining experience.
0.8 One of the best science fiction film ever made. This remains true in spite of a rather superficial treatment of the some of the science fiction elements. It is very much a 2001 with the slowish parts replaced by a good fast-paced adventure film.
0.9 A finely crafted film.
0.625 If the 1989 cut is a thrill ride, then the 1993 revamp is a frequently wrenching emotional roller coaster.
0.6 Heaven knows what Brian De Palma (originally slated to direct) would have made of it, but nuts-and-bolts man Simon West, with whom Statham remade The Mechanic, keeps things simple.
0.4 Wild Card clearly has aspirations beyond the beat-em-up genre. But it sorely lacks any connection between the characters and the viewer, failing to establish and relatable moments to rouse our interest.
0.4 The fight scenes are deadpan and electric, as they should be in a Statham film, but the attempts at comedy and pathos are sorely misjudged in a loose-knit storyline that simply ambles to an underwhelming conclusion.
0.4 It might have high-rolling credentials, but Wild Card is bluffing.
0.6 [It's] offbeat and entertaining enough to stand a fair chance of achieving cult status in future years.
0.4 Bar. Big breasts. Bodyguard. Jason Statham! Cockney, mate. Vegas, innit?
0.4 It emerges, alas, as a compromise, hedging its bets between cheery, characterful Ocean's-ish caper and brute-force beat-'em-up; we're offered helpings of both, but not enough of either to satisfy.
0.4 Ideal Statham - see 2002's The Transporter - is a gent, a man of few words who cleaves to a certain way of doing things. The hero he gives us here is just a little too close to a thug, a braggart and a loser. It won't do.
0.5 Jason Statham may be playing essentially the same character he always plays, but this noir-style thriller has a somewhat groovier tone thanks to the Las Vegas setting...
0.2 With Wild Card, Statham may finally have overplayed his hand.
0.55 As for the actual plot, it's a tedious and wonky affair, packed with typical crime-thriller elements.
0.4 Statham remake is violent and contemplative, not thrilling.
0.6 Too often it's hard to figure where the story of this hard luck hero is going, or if it's going anywhere.
0.85 A pulpy, enjoyable caper filled with unexpected plot twists and memorable characters, even when they only get a few lines of dialogue.
0.4 It's hard to not feel a slight sense of disappointment when what looks like a steaming hot slab of fresh action filmmaking hot off the grill turns out to be microwaved leftovers.
0.625 Wild Card ultimately comes off as more of a slow-paced character study than anything else...
0.625 This film's tagline should be "Come for the stabbing, stay for the gabbing!"
0.625 There will be abundant laying waste of unworthy opponents, and the groans you hear will not be his.
0.75 No stranger to piloting action films, West allows the yarn to unwind at a perfectly measured pace.
0.5 Wild Card doesn't really do [Statham] any favours, despite its rock-solid supporting cast and storied pedigree.
0.3 Given its overall lack of excitement and smattering of mano-y-mano spectacle, Wild Card should really be called Mild Card.
0.52 Statham, in turn, is an aloof, drowsy shell of a leading man, the full embodiment of a 100-minute sad grimace. He seems just as bored as the audience must be. He is, once again, so much better than this.
0.6 Wild Card is a stylish throwback to 80s noir that makes fine use of its charismatic lead actor.
0.4 The rest of the film doesn't feel particularly coherent, mainly because the story moves with the help of cameos rather than character development.
0.25 Las Vegas steals the show, even though it's played by New Orleans.
0.375 "This is the height of my career," says Jason Statham sarcastically in his latest potboiler ...
0.2 Does the curdled thriller "Wild Card" represent a brief misstep? Or is this the moment when Jason Statham, like so many action heroes before him, settles into self-caricature?
0.7 One of Statham's better vehicles.
0.5 Script by William "Marathon Man/Misery" Goldman, ass-kicking by Jason Statham? It's not all bad.
0.4 Even for a shaggy dog tale, this is too shaggy, and it can only charm its way out of some of its problems.
0.375 The action-movie pyrotechnics succeed only at reinforcing Simon West's macho bona fides and condescendingly forcing Jason Statham back into his wheelhouse.
0.2 For those still in possession of their wits, this film is not only the worst of the Twilight flicks so far, but just about the most melodramatic and insipid movie I've ever watched.
0.375 The worst film in the "saga." Utter camp.
0.25 These movies have become one big joke, with hokey acting, slapdash visuals and Kindergarten dialogue. It felt like such a parody that it might as well have been directed by those jerks who made DISASTER MOVIE and EPIC MOVIE.
0.4 Breaking Dawn - Part 1 transfers pivotal events from the source material to the screen but fails to translate those events into a competent two-hour movie experience.
0.375 This film was made for the fans as they're going to be the only ones able to appreciate it, despite it not having any redeeming qualities whatsoever.
0.6 As a movie, this isn't terrible; none of them have been, really. Each film has gotten a director who has tried to do something simple and honest with Meyer's tormented material.
0.5 If I can say anything for the film, it's that it delivers exactly what the legions of Twi-hards want and expect--or what 'Team Edward' wants, anyway.
0.4 Terribly broken.
0.5 Bill Condon gives the series' fans what they have shown they want: uneven storytelling, maudlin dialog and decidedly one-note performances.
0.5 Whatever momentum the third film had in this series, it's gone. Once again, it's an average soap opera.
0.4 For a movie about life-sucking vampires and flesh-ripping werewolves, there sure is an inordinate focus on the birds and the bees.
0.4 Director Bill Condon, prostituting himself, flirts with teen porn ...
0.5 At least Jacob seems to understand the contradiction inherent in the insistence that coldblooded undeath is just another lifestyle choice.
0.5 drags along too slowly to give it much impact and instead engenders little more than impatience
0.75 Dawnfinally gives viewers something to sink their teeth into.
0.2 Screenwriter Melissa Rosenberg continues her long tradition of scripting staggeringly banal, subtext-free dialogue and grasping at the profundity of her betters by quoting poetry in the prologues.
0.1 Twilight series dims - non fans stay away
0.45 Almost sort of liked it.
0.375 Tedious and toothless and feels at numerous moments more like a Saturday Night Live spoof that a proper continuation of the series.&#8233;
0.2 Bella e a candidata ideal a uma arrasadora depressao pos-parto. Mas com um marido sexualmente ambiguo e um melhor amigo pedofilo, quem nao seria?
0.5 There's less cringeworthy dialogue and Condon does a better job visually telling the story, but it's hard to make a riveting two-hour film when the main conflict seems completely arbitrary.
0.5 Condon can only do so much with the material at hand -- especially in this case, where maybe an hour of plot is stretched out to 117 minutes.
0.4 Breaking Dawn starts to confirm my theory that Twilight is just a tamer version of The Story of O.
0.636363636364 They have saved the best for last. This movie is totally romantic and its three leads are at their best. This will delight 'Twilight' fans and bring in new converts.
0.4 It's precisely three shots in that Taylor Lautner takes his shirt off, if that's your thing, and in all honesty I don't suppose that there can possibly be a more legitimate reason to see the movie.
0.5 Put a stake in this franchise.
0.6 Banal, bloodsipping installment to this far-fetched fantasy.
0.6 The storyline reached a new depth and is everything every fan will desire.
0.25 A wolf council with dubbed growls may be the most ludicrous scene of the year, but a rumble with chic vampires punching CGI werewolves comes close.
0.25 Suggested solely for Twilight diehards, this underwhelming, unfunny melodrama amounts to little more than an uneventful setup for next year's grand finale.
0.4 Yet another rather odd and protracted stepping stone to the ultimate finale ... it's a done deal for Meyer and co who are laughing all the way to the bank.
0.3 The occasionally amusing Twilight Saga finds a new low with the dramatically inert, painfully dull Breaking Dawn Part 1.
0.75 The most engaging Twilight movie yet.
0.4 A boring mess that exists only to milk the fans that made the series a success, but is so unsexy and just plain weird that even the most devoted Twihards stand to be disappointed or grossed out, or possibly, both.
0.6 Color us stoked that a Twilight movie even strays into evil-fetus territory.
0.6 In director Bill Condon's skilled hands, this instalment proves more intimate, confining its action to kids in rooms wrestling with the consequences of their own crushes.
0.75 ...as far as shameless cash-grabs go, Breaking Dawn: Part 1 is far easier to stomach than certain other franchise-extending installments (eg the Star Wars prequels).
0.2 th diarkeia ths tainias apoteloyn paratetamena solarismata dianohtikhs kathysterhshs, kai paratetamena solarismata egkefalikhs dyskoiliothtas
0.4 If you're on neither Team Edward nor Team Jacob, however, nothing in 'Breaking Dawn' will win you over.
0.2 The action sequences are ludicrous, the werewolves mostly just bounding, then bounding again, while the vampire trick of just moving ever so fast soon becomes just ever so tiresome.
0.6 I do wonder if seeing Bella turn into a near anorexic with a face that's bordering on Gollum might have subliminal implications for some vulnerable teenage girls.
0.6 Darker, sexier, sharper - a neat next step.
0.4 Let's hope they can wrap everything up with a better film than this one.
0.625 Critiques really have no weight when it comes to films like this. The haters are gonna hate, the fans are gonna love, and everyone else will check the movie listings and their own wallets before deciding if this is the best option for a night on the town.
0.75 The fourth book is so expansive that the filmmakers made the right call in splitting it into two parts. Stewart, Pattinson & Lautner have come to be genuine embodiments of the three major characters. The pacing is spot on with a...
0.7 A surprisingly entertaining romp.
0.2 Breaking Dawn Part 1 is such a slow-moving, overstuffed chore of a movie, it is barely even worth calling a "bridging film." All you do is wait and wait and wait.
0.4 Throughout the series, Meyer's lurid take on teenage passion has shone through as one of the ugliest and most insidious messages ever sent to its target demographic.
0.2 Is this really what Twilight fans want? Two characters drooling over and on each other for half the movie and not much else?
0.4 The bloated franchise's worst film without question, the fourth "Twilight" popcorn flick is a futile exercise on the disappointment of anti-climactic waiting. It doesn't sparkle or shine. It flickers, and then disappointingly dies.
0.1 There's plenty of stupidity... from talking wolves and geisha-like vampire make-up to the most uncomfortable newborn baby moment this side of A Serbian Film.
0.5 It is very focused on the idea of Not Pissing Off The Fans By Getting It Wrong. As a relative outsider, I found that this mentality sucked all the life out of the film.
0.3 Honestly, you can sneak into the movie an hour-and-a-half in and not miss anything.
0.2 So party on Twi-hards, you have no apologies to make for your love of this pulpy, romantic saga; just don't take it personally when the rest of us decide to party elsewhere.
0.3 ...a bad film, a self-aware one, for sure, but a bad one none-the-less.
0.5 It all goes wrong just when it should go right.
0.5 Melodrama reigns in this supernatural soap opera, even though author Stephanie Meyer's tale takes a decided turn toward the weird and violent.
0.625 If there was ever a franchise that plays like a TV soap opera with a climatic ending that leaves the audience wanting more, it's this one. If you have seen the previous three films, then you go into 'Breaking Dawn - P1,' already hooked in from the start.
0.4 What becomes clear is that while the bisecting of J.K. Rowling's hefty tome was artistically defensible, here, there's no such creative imperative.
0.5 There really is no polishing a Twilight movie, which by design will have to be both silly and terribly boring.
0.2 This latest Twilight is a freakish hybrid: part medical horror, part cheesy Victoria's Secret catalogue shoot.
0.4 This is a well-made film, though sometimes unintentionally funny.
0.6 Sexy honeymoon, disturbing pregnancy dominate latest movie.
0.625 Here's hoping Breaking Dawn Part Two gives us more of what Part One provided in the final 30 minutes than what it forced viewers to endure to get there.
0.4 It's essentially one insufferably long pregnancy sequence sandwiched between a sweet wedding and gruesome birth
0.6 As much of an homage to old timey experimental shlock horror as broad blockbusters can get ... I recommend Twilight virgins see BD1 as a stand-alone work.
0.2 The tagline states, 'Forever is only the beginning ...' After viewing this lifeless pap for mere minutes, we realize that it's not a slogan at all. It's a warning.
0.3 The worst entry in the series thus far, Twilight: Breaking Dawn Part 1 is a toothless vampire film which plays slave to its tween demographic.
0.5 Sappy melodramatics are constantly on full display, the performances are distractingly exaggerated and the dialogue is so ridiculously cheesy it could force Kraft to file for bankruptcy ... yet, for some odd reason, I was kind of entertained.
0.6 The finished product allows the audience to take it as as seriously as it takes itself and/or laugh at its inherently ridiculous retro romance. No matter which side you're on, you wind up winning.
0.5 [It] was supposed to be climactic. Instead, it's the most jumbled and tonally confused movie yet.
0.7 "TBD-1" is smartly directed by Bill Condon ("Gods and Monsters," "Dreamgirls") in a straight forward manner that keeps the film from bogging down in its last act.
0.25 This is the one where things start to get silly.
0.4 The climactic clash between vampires and werewolves is over in a brief flurry of fangs and fur. What little action there is, however, is so poorly staged by new director Bill Condon that you're actually relieved there isn't more.
0.25 One of the glummest, lifeless movies of the year, it is gray and bleak, even when the sun is shining.
0.375 [T]he movie resolves everything of any obvious importance by the end, so, again, what's the point of this story?
0.0 Appalling by pretty much every measure.
0.5 Stretches forty-five minutes of material to two hours in order to satisfy the ignorant two-parter conclusion.
0.4 At this point in the story, the characters can't simply be innocent in order for the plot to work - they have to be naive. Edward Cullen is 120 years old. He has no excuse for being naive.
0.25 Bella shifts from her intended stance of antiheroine to something close to antimatter in The Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn Part 1.
0.6 A stylistic addition to a series about an impossible romance, the power of family and the lengths people will go to in order to fight for what they believe in.
0.6 Shamelessly cheesy, drawn-out and over-the-top as it is, The Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn - Part 1 is big, bombastic popcorn entertainment that knows exactly what the fans want, and delivers it in epic style.
0.0 It's based on a series of truly idiotic novels which, whilst works of an evil marketing genius, are artistic pollutants. Try and avoid getting dragged along to this one.
0.6 Condon is directing Breaking Dawn -- Part 2. Let's hope he realises it is broken and that he does fix it.
0.5 What remains is the total conviction that the ludicrous scenes are dead serious and fiercely meaningful. The result is not quite a laugh a minute, but close.
0.25 The sexless, bloodless, padded and plodding Breaking Dawn, Part 1 is the worst Twilight movie to date.
0.6 Endearingly bizarre, and featuring the usual fan-service in the form of topless hotties running through forests - you just wish it was a slightly better movie, given the Hammer Horror promise of the pregnancy premise.
0.5 Director Bill Condon may have been hampered by the original material, but he does nothing to help it along.
0.625 In several scenes, characters play chess, but the film itself is as complex as "Chutes and Ladders," and just as suspenseful.
0.375 The Twilight Saga hasn't matured along with its heroine. In fact, the latest movie regresses a bit, delivering more filler, less feeling and crummier CGI than last year's Eclipse.
0.6 Breaking Dawn - Part 1 and the upcoming Part 2 were both directed by Dreamgirls' Bill Condon, who keeps the lunacy moving apace.
0.625 Of the four Twilight movies, Breaking Dawn -- Part I has the most going on and the most going for it.
0.4 After the enjoyable previous instalment, to my mind the best in the series, director Bill Condon's film is a step backwards in quality.
0.4 It's all drawn-out and flat (even more so than is typical for the franchise), delivered at a slow, plodding pace that seems designed solely to stretch things out to two hours.
0.75 Fangirls, you have nothing to be ashamed of.
0.7 A satisfying culmination of emotions that have been building in this supernatural fantasy saga as Bella the human and Edward the vampire marry and face a critical decision.
0.625 It's like "Roadhouse" for women. As irresistible as it is ridiculous.
0.5 It makes you wonder if splitting the book in two parts was such a good idea.
0.75 Will Condon's movie convert agnostics to Stephenie Meyer's Twilight cult?
0.6 Sexy, silly, scary and stupid, the movie's tonal balancing act amounts to an Evil Dead for tween romantics.
0.4 It breaks my heart to tell you that "Breaking Dawn" is broken.
0.5 The good news? Now that all of the tedious exposition has been gotten, glacially, out of the way, "Part II" will probably be terrific.
0.75 It's the most imaginative picture in the franchise, and I say that as a fan of the first picture, Catherine Hardwicke's Twilight, an irony-free adolescent romance that took the idea of teenage erotic fantasy seriously.
0.2 easily the worst of the mostly awful Twilight films
0.45 You can't blame a film based on a book for adhering to the book's idiotic storyline. You can, however, blame it for sucking as a movie.
0.5 Breaking Dawn - Part 1 as a whole feels stretched-out, as if the filmmakers realized belatedly that there wasn't enough material in the book to sustain two movies. (There isn't).
0.6 It's all a lot of fun. For some movies you don't need intelligence, you just need faith, gullibility and a state of happy surrender.
0.4 [An] oddly joyless affair centred on an 18-year-old girl voluntarily destroying herself from the inside out, this might work as a standalone horror piece with a stronger directorial hand. As a so-called epic love story, it leaves a bad taste in the mouth.
0.5 The worst part of these movies has always been the moments when those mumbly lovebirds find themselves in a meadow, gazing off into the distance as they dreamily part each other's hair. There's a lot of that sort of moony-eyed action in Breaking Dawn.
0.4 Sex and abortion are the main topics of this installment, which tips between dullness and total camp.
0.7 One is also grateful for the film's finale... which is genuinely brilliant. There, I said it.
0.375 The dialogue is, of course, ridiculous and the acting ranges from stiff to mopey. But moments that should be pulsating with tension are usually hilarious because the special effects are still just so distractingly cheesy.
0.5 The absurdity quotient of the movie begins high and rapidly escalates to bedlam.
0.25 Two things are certain: it is one of the worst movies of the year, and it is going to make an awful lot of money.
0.625 Hands its reigns over to Oscar-winning filmmaker Bill Condon and, not coincidentally, produces the franchise's sturdiest installment.
0.6 As a stand-alone movie it's a mixed bag. But it progresses the story of beloved characters with a reverence for the source material that will doubtlessly please Twi-hards, ushering in a finale that promises to be darker still.
0.375 Lautner, who lasts approximately 8 seconds before tearing off his shirt, suggests more than ever that the casting director mistakenly told him he would be playing a robot.
0.7 The latest and best of the movies about a girl, her vampire and their impossible, ridiculously appealing - yes, I surrendered - love story.
0.4 The acting's better than it's ever been, but with the best will in the world, this can't get past the fact that the story's demented.
0.375 Whenever certain actors take the lead and set the pace of the dialogue, time itself begins to crawl backward and the breaking dawn begins to feel like yesterday's breaking dawn, or last Tuesday's.
0.625 This one draws you close and keeps you there - and, for those of us who haven't read Stephenie Meyer's novel, delivers some surprising turns of plot.
0.6 Though director Bill Condon is new to the series, both he and returning screenwriter Melissa Rosenberg have an excellent grasp of their audience's desires, and are determined to meet them in good faith.
0.3 Pattinson again stands around looking pale and soulful, while Lautner gets to act more, which is maybe not such a good thing.
0.625 Kristen Stewart is really pretty good here, although like almost all actresses she believes pregnant women rub their baby bumps unceasingly.
0.5 "Breaking Dawn'' is the series in its fullest Victorian flower. But with Bill Condon directing, the pacing is all wrong. It's "Pride, Prejudice, and Zombies.''
0.6 As maddeningly uneven as it is, Breaking Dawn boasts some of the strongest moments yet in a largely lackluster franchise.
0.375 Really a half-film, and the boring half at that. Such is the nature of things dubbed "Part 1." It's a film about things that will inevitably happen, but don't until the next, more important part.
0.4 Fails to inject its few key scenes with any life thanks to a woeful script, poor direction and lacklustre performances, though fans of the franchise should be used to that by now.
0.2 A rather good original idea has dwindled into self-parody.
0.5 After all that foreplay, the new Twilight saga is a limp anti-climax.
0.75 The series is finding momentum as it nears its finale.
0.4 The picture sidesteps all opportunities to depict the novel's nuttiness... in an intriguing manner and sands down all the edges to leave us with yet another generic melodrama, in which not a single moment rings true.
0.4 The script is flat, cliched and repetitive ("You did this!" yells Jacob. "I love her!" pleads Edward) - which might not matter necessarily as it wasn't much better in the predecessors.
0.2 The wolves speak with bizarre half-human, half-canine voices that put me in mind of Scooby-Doo.
0.8 The Twilight films manage to cleverly blend melodrama with supernatural thrills, and while the film is not without its silly moments and cringeworthy dialogue it does deliver the drama and emotional highs we have come to expect.
0.2 The vampire drama of Twilight is all about the romantic agony of eternity, and this franchise feels like it's going on for ever.
0.8 In a season of endless comic book superheroes, Hellboy II is a unique visual feast.
0.8 Hellboy II is fabulously imaginative, visually sumptuous and dramatically complex; what's more, it's very funny and engaging.
0.6 [The film] will delight fans of the original comic-book adaptation, offering up as it does a much bigger spectacle with more wit and an eye-popping gallery of exotic creatures, while leaving non-enthusiasts like me admiring but uninvolved.
0.8 Other than Christopher Nolan, is there another director as hot as Guillermo del Toro?
0.5 I'm just not interested in this film very much. I wish I was. But it's good to look at.
0.6 Hellboy II: The Golden Army has the technical brilliance of a Renaissance masterpiece and a brain the size of a pea.
0.6 It's not that Hellboy II is a particularly bad sequel, but that it tries to do way too much in the time allotted.
0.625 The action's pretty pedestrian, and you wouldn't be blamed if you wished they'd just get it over with so that we could get back to the glories of Hellboy himself.
1.0 I was a fan of the first film about this unlikely hero, a big red guy with horns, a tail and a liking for sweets, kittens and cigars. And the good news is the sequel is even better.
0.7 Behind a truckload of red makeup is Ron Perlman, whose characterisation of the egocentric protagonist Hellboy, or Red as he prefers to be called, is once again the highlight of the film.
0.4 Del Toro is his generation's Terry Gilliam, an intensely visual director who loves his ideas so much that he's happy to disappear into them for minutes at a time, forgetting all about such trivial concerns as story, characters and audience.
0.6 Hellboy is enjoyable because, unlike the rest of the heroes in this long summer of the superpowered, he's not dragged down by character neuroses.
0.6 Hellboy II is one of those films that you want to love.
0.75 Hellboy II: The Golden Army zips from tense showdown to eerie spectacle at particle-accelerator speed.
0.8 Guillermo del Toro's mastery of fantasy film-making and his understanding of the multi-faceted richness of the genre guides this sequel to visually imaginative and intricately detailed heights.
0.75 For all its gorgeous freakishness, the movie is even more about love and friendship than the first one was.
0.8 It wouldn't be classic del Toro without the razzle-dazzle. The Golden Army provide that as they finally rise up, but even in the culminating moments of battle, it is del Toro's feel for human grace that shines through.
0.8 Style over substance, no doubt, but when you've got this much style who cares?
0.65 Hellboy II is still very entertaining, even if it is simultaneously a little lackluster, and fans of the original are sure to like it. It probably won't hold up well on repeat viewings though.
0.8 Impressiona pela escala e pela criatividade.
0.6 Some the magical images conjured here are absolutely unforgettable.
0.6 The sets are dazzling, but the characters (manufactured by computer artists in most cases) aren't particularly designed to engage.
0.7 Not only are the creatures amazingly conceived, but there's a lovely sense of humour to it all as Del Toro references horror movies of the past and even the work of John Landis.
0.8 The film is designed more as an ear-shattering sensory assault than a conventional narrative.
0.6 Hellboy is it's own world. That is a compliment and also the problem. Director Guillermo del Toro has envisioned a fantastic looking world, but it's just a vision.
0.6 All the same, this isn't a patch on the phantsamagoric splendour of Pan's Labyrinth, over-egging every set-piece and outstaying its welcome by at least half an hour.
0.8 Prepare for some devil worship. Hellboy is the hottest, strangest and most fun comic book hero around.
0.8 Playful, offbeat and with a decidedly droll sense of humour, Hellboy II's a richly rewarding superhero film with moments of gleeful comedy that films like Get Smart can but dream of.
0.8 A devil of a good sequel.
0.7 Smart lighter touches such as Hellboy and Abe's crooning to a Manilow classic set this apart from other comic book adaptations and the stylish direction keeps your attention. Great fun.
0.8 A baby-step backwards after Pan's Labyrinth, but a rung up from the original Hellboy: more laid-back, even more out-there. Ignore the shaky plot and gorge on the grand design as del Toro lets his imagination - and some classic creatures - off the leash.
0.8 Second time around, director Guillermo Del Toro scores another direct hit with a monster yarn as keen on the gags as the global destruction.
0.8 Hellboy 2 is a movie that's a tingling boost to the senses: and that sense of humour is such a stimulus to the other five.
0.8 With Hellboy II, the comic-book blockbuster has finally grown up - without giving up the fairy-tale wonders of our youth.
0.6 Del Toro's imagination is as fertile as ever but the plot keeps too much in reserve.
0.8 Guillermo del Toro's Faberge egg of a fairytale is not so much a sequel as a fusion of the fabulist imagination of 'Pan's Labyrinth' with the witty, irreverent comic-book action of his own 'Hellboy'.
0.8 As much Tolkien's baby as Mignola's, this has more heart and humour than most fantasy films can dream of. Hellaciously good.
0.6 By Mike Martin - From the man who made Pan's Labyrinth it's a disappointment.
0.8 While the plot lends itself to pretentious blockbuster hysteria, del Toro keeps things grounded by focussing on the characters and their sardonic banter
0.8 ...moves with the virile grace of a prizefighter.
0.5 Del Toro seems to use this movie as batting practice for The Hobbit.
0.625 Hellboy II: The Golden Army is not a sequel that soars to new heights, but it does slip into a nice summer-movie comfort zone . . .
0.75 Further proof that franchises' second films can be better than the first. This one tops the original in a number of ways, not the least of which is its creative inventiveness.
0.75 Despite my complaints, this is one gargantuan action film that succeeds in creating an entertaining fantasy universe.
0.75 Is this fun? Hellboy, yeah!
0.75 Surprisingly rich entertainment, even takes on well known series: Star Wars, LOTR, & Die Hard; framed squarely within a sub-par opening and weak ending. Still, I liked it!
0.5 Hellboy II, like the recent Chronicles of Narnia sequel, sacrifices story and character on the altar of action, effects and underwhelming creatures.
0.875 Del Toro's compositions are dense with effects and background creatures, and he clearly sympathizes with the misfits and monsters who are weary of humankind's greed and ecological destructiveness; yet the movie is light on its feet and generous of spirit.
1.0 The film itself is lovely, a breathless feast of fantasy anchored by an authentic humanism.
0.8 The fact that the setup works for a second round can be attributed Perlman's ability to juggle brash enthusiasm with hardened sarcasm.
0.5 While this sequel to the 2004 feature doesn't lack for visual wonders, it's utterly clumsy in the storytelling department, a genuine shock given del Toro's usual ability to spin a tall tale.
0.9 Here's a comic-book movie with a heart, a soul, a brain and a personality of its own -- as personal in its own way as del Toro's Pan's Labyrinth.
0.7 A virtual overkill of bizarre creatures
0.625 Guillermo Del Toro's love for creature features comes through, but his story is uncomfortably rote in this visually dynamic comic book sequel.
0.75 Go to the movies long enough and you'll eventually find yourself rooting for a blood red, horned monster-man from hell.
0.8 An essentially unending parade of some of the most visionary images ever to grace a fantasy movie.
0.7 Hellboy II's expansive imagination so elevates the material that you find yourself wishing it was put to the service of something greater.
0.875 Guillermo del Toro makes this sequel fully his own, firmly planting it in his unbridled imagination.
0.9 Gains big points for its dazzling visuals and for significantly ramping up the fantasy-tinged screen fighting.
0.6 The disappointing storyline is geektacular nonsense.
0.6 The visuals of HELLBOY II: THE GOLDEN ARMY are a triumph of imagination, but the story is more of a failure.
0.75 ... an improved sequel over the original film, able to build upon the foundation of the first feature and finally put Hellboy in real mortal danger...
0.9 You've got enough ideas for an entire geek-friendly trilogy in this one crazy movie.
0.75 Without question, del Toro's a visionary who lets his imagination run wild.
1.0 Awkward as the plotting is, the movie is too stubbornly weird, too deeply in love with freakishness, to be waved off.
0.25 About a half hour into Hellboy II: The Golden Army, my friend turned to me and asked "Does this movie have a point?"
0.8 Del Toro's imagination cuts loose with a sharp, witty script. Hellboy 2 is the fun, fantastic comic book blast that the original film never quite lived up to. I'll be looking forward to "Hellboy 3: Rise of the Little Red Babies" in a couple of year
0.8 Hellboy II: The Golden Army stretches beyond the first film in both creepiness and humor, making for kind of an odd mix that manages to work in the end.
0.875 Hellboy II: The Golden Army hits just the right mixture of style, comedy, action, and character development. Here's hoping for a third installment.
0.625 One can't help but wonder whether Del Toro hasn't misjudged the balance between comedy and gravity in this sequel.
0.5 In Hellboy II, director Guillermo del Toro delivers the Hollywood filet mignon we've come to expect wrapped nicely in all the special-effects bacon we've come to desire but without the heart we've come to demand.
0.75 This movie is everything Hancock wanted to be, but failed to deliver.
0.75 There's so much beauty and imagination on display in Hellboy II: The Golden Army that it's sometimes hard to tell if you're watching an action movie or a museum exhibit called 'The Artistry of Guillermo Del Toro.'
0.75 The talented fantasy filmmaker and heir to the Lord of the Rings throne gets the tone right throughout Hellboy 2, and the hip retro charm alone is enough to merit recommendation.
0.875 It's an entertaining, visually stunning romp busy with fantastic ideas and well-rounded characters...
0.75 Combining animatronics, digital effects -- and most important, the director's fertile imagination -- Hellboy II gives us a taste of the magic del Toro is sure to bring to J.R.R. Tolkien's The Hobbit.
0.75 A surprise package of fun, fright and untamed imagination.
0.75 The second film is more assured, better paced, and has a stronger emotional component.
0.875 A fabulously freaky and fun immersion into a world of skin, hair, teeth and bones that aren't our own. Revolving around the ideas of bedtime-story imagination and fatherly obligation, it's more exciting, elegant and confident than its predecessor.
0.75 Hellboy II, like its 2004 predecessor, has a middling story line, but it's made memorable by the dark, freaky visions of director Guillermo del Toro. And this time, his imagination runs wilder than ever.
0.625 Guillermo del Toro's more extravagant, $75 million follow-up to his 2004 B-movie doesn't take any of this particularly seriously. It's a monster movie in which the monsters listen to Barry Manilow.
0.8 The inventive del Toro creates visual fantasies unlike any other, and the creatures on display here are truly extraordinary. But amid all the costumes, all the action, and all the special effects, it's the humanity that makes his work so memorable.
0.875 It's the biggest, richest, most imaginative superhero movie of the summer.
0.625 Hellboy II has the inclinations of a gas guzzler but the soul of a hybrid, and the two resist each other like partners in a loveless marriage.
0.875 It's the path del Toro takes to get there that gives the film its propulsive kick: You literally never know what's coming next, and what does is always better and cooler than you could have imagined.
0.75 The summer's been loaded with superhero movies, some better and some worse than Hellboy II, but none is as exuberantly creative, nor as unconventionally committed to being so many things other than a live-action comic book.
0.6 On this latest Boy Meets Ghoul: Hellboy II's look is red hot. But it lingers too long on the fire, its promising sizzle ultimately losing flavor.
0.625 Enjoy The Golden Army for what it is, a big fat piece of eye candy. But for the next Hellboy movie could we please have a lot more Hellboy?
0.7 Hellboy II: The Golden Army may not be a masterpiece -- del Toro is capable of much more -- but it is whip-smart, pain-stakingly crafted and exuberant.
0.75 Melds the original Hellboy's kibitzy humor and crushing action with Labyrinth's darkest fairy-tale imaginings.
0.625 Hellboy, a sensitive devil with a tough exterior, is an inspired creation but limited as a dramatic protagonist. When you start with a demon hero, you can't settle for making his adversary a less complex demon.
0.75 Hellboy II: The Golden Army is one of the coolest-looking movies, if not the most visually impressive one, of the summer.
0.625 The PG-13 Hellboy is fun. And it's unafraid to embrace the schmaltzy.
0.625 Fanboys won't mind the absence of depth or emotion; they may even welcome it for making the film more representative of its comic-book origins. The rest of us, however, cannot rejoice at the overspending and overkill likely to come in Hellboy III.
0.75 A blast of fanboy wit, style, imagination, and prodigious noise that comes on like heavy-bore pop art.
0.625 Hellboy II is a creature feature unlike any you've seen before. But next time, let's try a little storytelling, too.
0.8 [W]hile it's nice of Mignola and Del Toro to create something like this out of whole cloth it's the eye candy, not the story, that people are going to talk about.
0.75 First and foremost, Hellboy II is a riot of creature and set design as well as big action set pieces. Yet Del Toro never reduces the characters to mere action figures.
0.7 As he loves Liz, life, and TV, Hellboy embodies possibility, faith, and imagination.
0.8 Like a young Spielberg before him, del Toro gives off this "I get to make movies for a living, isn't that awesome?!" vibe that's too often missing on the screen.
1.0 I left the theater nearly delirious from what I had just experienced--and I can't wait to take it all in again.
0.8 del Toro has made an astounding bit of eye candy but viewers going in hoping for another emotional masterpiece on the level of "Pan's Labyrinth" may come away from it slightly disappointed.
0.75 ...easily one of the most imaginative films of the summer.
1.0 This is big screen fantasy as a wish fulfillment free for all, a far out fairytale told in the most intricate of celluloid calligraphy.
0.7 Hellboy II is downright goofy. When it's not being funny, the creatures steal the show.
0.8 Hellboy 2 is visually perfect and is a sentimental look into the world of Hellboy but keeping with the love story of the film it should have been called Heavenboy.
0.875 Del Toro seems to have been given more freedom and more money to create an even more complete universe, packed to the corners with his peculiar, unique ideas and nightmares.
0.8 Imagine one of the Star Trek crews transported to Tolkien's Middle Earth, or Buffy and her Scooby gang whisked away into the heart of Narnia.
0.8 Hellboy II takes the fantastic make-up artistry, creature creation, and set design that we grew fond of in Pan's Labyrinth and combines all of these elements with mindblowing CGI and stunning choreography
1.0 By far the most imaginative action movie in ages - a mix of epic fantasy, tender romance, broad comedy and double-barreled excitement that satisfies all your pleasure centers.
0.75 The wonders are, if not endless, then abundant. And in a movie landscape where "effects" too often supersedes "special," wonders are worth savoring.
0.625 If the premise isn't exactly air-tight and the pacing is uneven, the visual panache and central character work helps to make up for some of its deficiencies.
0.625 For all its eye-popping, Middle Earth-meets-Mos Eisley majesty -- its mix of Heironymus Bosch, Jules Verne and George Lucas -- Hellboy II is a letdown.
0.75 I can barely keep up with the mythology put forth by the Hellboy series, but I enjoyed the first film, and I enjoyed the new one.
0.7 A dark fantasy/horror tale, it's chaotic yet spectacular.
0.75 With director Guillermo del Toro's fantastical vision on overdrive tempered by an occasionally self-mocking sense of humor, this Hellboy sequel is a quintessential summer movie that delivers plenty of inventive thrills.
0.875 We should be glad that del Toro is operating at his peak right now, getting all the money and latitude he needs to weave his spells.
0.6 As big, mindlessly fantastical summer entertainment goes, this falls comfortably between Iron Man (the gold standard) and the not-quite Incredible Hulk. It's a visually striking, mildly amusing way to kill a couple of hours.
0.7 It's not perfect -- thank Satan! -- but Hellboy II: The Golden Army is by far the most splendidly imaginative and creatively uncorked piece of fantastic cinema since the director's Pan's Labyrinth netted an Oscar trifecta in 2007.
0.875 [del Toro] has an endlessly inventive imagination, and understands how legends work, why they entertain us and that they sometimes stand for something. For love, for example.
0.75 A visual treat in every way, "Hellboy II" delivers on all cylinders.
0.75 Director Guillermo del Toro is a mad genius, and I want to get drunk with him.
0.75 Cool monsters aside, it's really the humor and the characters make Hellboy 2 into something more than just another summer special effects flick.
1.0 A quirky, idiosyncratic, Harryhausen-inspired, art house creature feature with the poetry and narrative depth characteristic of misunderstood monster classics such as The Creature from the Black Lagoon and The Bride of Frankenstein.
0.8 Much more than a big-action, small-brain summer movie.
0.75 The line from special effects whiz Ray Harryhausen to director Guillermo del Toro has never been so clearly visible...
0.4 Simply a bull in a china shop, smashing around aimlessly, desperately hoping we'll at least be impressed with the horns.
0.75 ...isn't much of a story, yet as a vehicle for the monstrosity-minded imagination of writer-director Guillermo del Toro it offers an endless array of bizarre visual riches.
0.75 Visually stunning comic book sequel from the endlessly inventive Guillermo del Toro amounts to little more than a noisy mess. But it sure looks pretty along the way.
0.8 A film of richly complex themes overlaid with a frothy plot, each serving to disarm the audience while holding it rapt.
0.6 Will appeal to the freak inside you who refuses to follow orders and is not afraid to let your gentle side out every once in a while.
0.75 Adolescent pulp fantasia meets sentimental married life in Guillermo Del Toro's follow-up to his 2004 working-class superhero movie.
1.0 Clearly, del Toro has a deep affection for both his characters and the world of gods and fairy-tale monsters, and it translates into a rich, sophisticated sequel that actually improves on the original.
0.8 Inconceivable in any incarnation other than Ron Perlman whose size, head shape, bluster and irrepressible grumpiness endear him to us.
0.9 Hellboy II: The Golden Army is huge and filled wall to wall with more imagination than any other film this year.
0.8 Hellboy is without a doubt the most compelling and interesting superhero character ever on screen.
0.7 An imaginative if somewhat messy B-movie, the type for which popcorn is popped.
0.6 There's a peculiarity to Hellboy 2 that blurs the line between del Toro's Hollywood blockbusters and his less conventional Spanish-language films.
0.4 Despite a handful of creepy and visionary sequences, this sequel remains limp and unengaging.
0.85 Not just a vast improvement over its predecessor, but the quality on almost every level is almost night and day with a stronger story and some of the most mind-blowing creature and FX work we've seen this summer.
0.75 There are some remarkably beautiful things in Hellboy II... but suffers, in my opinion, from too much of everything.
0.8 I stumbled out of Hellboy II: The Golden Army feeling as if my imagination had eaten too much ... And yet, Hellboy II has more than a little heart to it; it's scrappy and self-aware, and never out of touch with what it is.
0.7 There was no way, shape or form that HELLBOY II would meet its expectation, but even with all of the anticipation, the film managed to entertain just enough... In the end, what you'll get is another fun, yet forgettable summer blockbuster.
0.85 Hellboy II feels like nothing less than the successor to Pan's Labyrinth... dressed in spandex.
0.4 In Eagle Eye, we're meant to fear our GPS.
0.2 As the film drags on, there are several nauseatingly dogmatic moments that make you feel like you're trapped in some kind of uber-liberal rally.
0.5 Eagle Eye isn't awful, just trite ... it suffers from the same problem most high concept films have; it's all smoke, but no fire.
0.25 The trouble with Shia? He's no Henry Fonda, Jimmy Stewart, or Cary Grant. And as for Caruso, well, Brian De Palma can rest easy.
0.5 Everything's chopped up into those woozy, bite-size snippets of flashing lights and spinning tires, thrown into a blender and then regurgitated on screen.
0.625 Eagle Eye is a totally derivative, unoriginal techno-thriller, cribbing scenes and ideas from better films. ... But it's also thoroughly entertaining.
0.625 ...one could certainly do far worse as far as movies of this ilk go.
0.5 So colossally ridiculous (and transparently derivative) that willing suspension of disbelief is a fool's errand. [Blu-ray]
0.7 What, you can't relate to someone being controlled by an omniscient machine?
0.5 ...one long, hyperkinetic chase, with the audience wondering what in the heck is happening.
0.64 Lowest-common-denominator filmmaking at its most discouraging, with makers who believe moviegoers too stupid to think, so instead opt for constant adrenal gland stimulation.
0.375 Pay heed to the movie's warning: Technological advancements might indeed become a concern in the future, especially if they allow for greater mass production of duds like this one.
0.5 Eagle Eye occupies a treacherous middle ground. It isn't credible enough to work as a thriller and isn't ridiculous enough to work as a spoof.
0.125 The morons going to Eagle Eye are the ones who would most benefit from its message in spoon-fed form.
0.4 mplekei homage Kubrick kai (alimono) Spielberg me retalia Tony Scott se asmileyto stilaki Michael Bay (stise 5 kameres, peta amaksia deksia ki aristera, traba ta ola, rih' ta sti montaziera, ki opoios bgalei noima, magkia toy), kynigontas intrigkadoriko p
0.3 Where's Jamie Foxx when you need him?
0.25 Oh, come ON.
0.625 What's galling about Eagle Eye is that it could easily have been an entertaining film without constantly yielding to the impulse to blow stuff up.
0.6 I give the film credit for moving along and, for at least the first half, keeping you engaged in the mystery. At the same time, when the film turns, it turns south.
0.5 Caruso's films only borrow great ideas rather than use them for special inspiration.
0.4 Eagle Eye is the kind of movie that believes more is better, and while that may sound great in the pitch session, it almost never works.
0.5 Even though it clearly resides in the realm of science fiction, it appears to be set in the present day, which is more than enough to tweak even the most rational person's sense of paranoia.
0.375 Did everyone involved in this botched thriller OD on speed?
0.4 But there's also a puppy-dog doesn't-know-any-better enthusiasm to this pacy fluff which means you can't get that worked up at it.
0.4 With a preposterous plot that does not bear close analysis, Eagle Eye should fall short. But such is the breakneck pace of proceedings the holes in the story zoom by too fast for you to notice. And for all its flaws, it's an enjoyable slice of hokum.
0.2 don't have the willpower, words, or energy to explain why a psychopathic CIA computer suddenly decides to take over the world. But that's the plot in a nutcase.
0.2 Some nonsense is fun, but this wears you down.
0.8 A fun techno romp, mixing great bang for your buck with insights into the dangers of restricting civil liberties. Now, anyone for Shia killing blondes dressed as his dead mother?
0.4 This numbskull knock-off of 2001: A Space Odyssey and Enemy of the State has the unlikely effect of making Tony Scott look like Alfred Hitchcock.
0.5 It's not bad and it ticks all the boxes but somehow it doesn't quite come off - but I can't you explain why.
0.2 This has to be the dumbest and most implausible action movie of the year.
0.6 The plot is totally nonsensical but is played at such a thrilling pace that it barely matters.
0.2 Portentous nonsense, and loud with it.
0.4 But do we care? This is a disastrous mess.
0.8 Enjoyable, fast-paced thriller that compensates for its increasingly ridiculous plot with strong performances, great direction and some terrific action sequences.
0.8 The 1984 nightmare has been bolted to 2001 (as in Space Odyssey) to make one of the better action thrillers of 2008
0.4 Eagle Eye is a mediocre attempt at suspense that manages to lose all of its dramatic weight at the exact moment it drops its heaviest truths.
0.2 The concept is beyond ridiculous, the execution beneath inept...
0.625 Eagle Eye's simplistic and colorful contrivance is oddly refreshing in its preposterous exuberance...a transparent treat at best. Thoroughly rollicking and roguish...
0.6 Keeps our attention all the way through, even as the plot gets increasingly preposterous
0.4 Eagle Eye churns and flails and piles on pointless and improbable complications.
0.5 It has been shot and edited with that hectic, all-too-familiar brand of impressionistic choppiness often used by Hollywood directors to make a silly story unintelligible.
0.5 Those that are bothered by shaky camerawork might want to stay home or take Dramamine. Considering how promising the premise was, EAGLE EYE is a major disappointment.
0.625 To make barcodes scary, a thriller needs a pace faster than a busy self-scan checkout. Thankfully, there's no need for a price, or pulse, check on this furious, if exhausting, flat-world thriller that Thomas Friedman would appreciate.
0.4 Eagle Eye fails to engage the audience into caring much about the characters because you are too busy trying to figure out what the hell is going on.
0.5 The story goes from being a paranoid post-9/11 nightmare to being a goofy piece of sci-fi junk.
0.4 It's a poor man's 2001: A Space Odyssey and The Fugitive. I actually feel a little dirty naming those two when talking about this one.
0.75 While highly improbably and overly chaotic, the film is entertaining, which is all that really matters from this type of movie.
0.3 [LaBeouf]'s just not very credible in elaborate action set-pieces, although at least this time he's not trying to convince us that he's a '50s greaser.
0.5 The situation is anything but average, but [LaBeouf and Monaghan] two stars ground the adventure just enough to make the film into an enjoyable diversion.
0.7 So fast paced and exciting that you don't care whether or not it makes any sense
0.5 If you have a taste for this sort of nonsense, then all this hyper-implausibility is actually kind of fun.
0.5 This cautionary tale about the perils of technology might seem more sincere if the movie ever stopped trying to indoctrinate us into being good consumers with its incessant product placement...
0.375 Since it is plainly obvious that the movie's priorities lie not with its message, but with its lightning-fast pacing and confusing action scenes, it's insulting when these ideas are shoehorned in half-heartedly.
0.75 HAL has a granddaughter? Who knew?
0.7 Bristling along on one amazing narrative convolution after another, and fueled by fascinating gung ho performances from everyone involved, Eagle Eye is a jovial serving of cinematic junk food.
0.6875 Big Brother isn't watching, he's seen this already. Eagle Eye is for the guy in front of me on his cell phone...
0.7 Eagle Eye starts out strong as an exciting action/suspense movie but eventually the implausibilities of the story catch up with it.
0.625 ...the filmmakers apparently want you to suspend your disbelief.
0.5 The action sequences are frequent and frenetic, and Caruso bathes every scene in a high-tech sheen to cover the gaping leaps in illogic.
0.6 How [do] these actors manage to slog through this awful script and its deteriorating-by-the-minute premise and still deliver their lines with a straight face.
0.6 A film like Eagle Eye can be an escape. Just don't try to think your way through it, or you might suffer a brain hemorrhage.
0.6 Que filminho estupido. E divertido.
0.375 Noisy, derivative and thoroughly preposterous even by the standards of 21st-century action movies.
0.5 It all wears very thin by the third act, when The Voice really starts to grate and all remaining sense slams into a brick wall.
0.75 It's entertaining, if you're OK with it not making a ton of sense.
0.5 The chase eventually wears thin, and Eagle Eye eventually strangles its actors in the threads of its plot.
0.625 The movie doesn't have three brain cells to rub together, but the premise carries it a long way.
0.375 Should this film be a huge box office success, it will stand as a sad testament to how low the bar for cinematic entertainment has been set.
0.5 Eagle Eye requires blind faith in its silly storyline
0.6 The more that's revealed about the forces at work on Jerry and Rachel, the less interesting the plot becomes.
0.5 Eagle Eye is big, loud and expensive, but it's not particularly entertaining.
0.5 There are lots of new wrinkles to ponder about American surveillance, but it seems that all the writers have surveilled is HBO.
0.5 As the absurd contrivances mount, and the omnipotence of the shadowy conspiracy becomes more and more hard to buy into, the movie loses its footing.
0.2 Finally, an action-adventure thriller that feels as if it were created, directed and acted, soup to nuts, by a computer program.
0.25 The film is a rag bag of concepts and characters from earlier, vastly better movies.
0.5 A ridiculous wrongly-accused-guy-on-the-run thriller.
0.5 Disturbia team shows it can steal from a variety of sources -- not just Hitchcock -- in this laughably convoluted thriller about Big Brother run amok.
0.5 Set in the present, and directed by a middling talent, Eagle Eye still has some entertainment value. But only if youa(TM)re looking for a good laugh.
0.5 Eagle Eye wants to be a little on the sci-fi side, but it's mostly just badly plotted and executed.
0.375 For all its digitally effected chaos, the cinematic threat level in Eagle Eye never even comes close to orange.
0.4 The only title that works for this movie is Three Days of the Mongoloid.
0.6 You can't help thinking that if Hitchcock were inspired by today's privacy meltdown, he'd need only a quarter of the explosions to leave us shattered.
0.625 [Hitchcock] for a modern age bloated by steroids, addled by action, and incapable of long-term attention.
0.625 Eagle Eye has half an idea in its head, but over two hours there's no time to complete or explore it, since the movie isn't just a chase but a combination steeplechase and destruction derby.
0.2 A far-fetched conspiracy story that depicts the growing and pervasive role of technology in our lives.
0.5 Without giving anything away, let's just say that the ending of Eagle Eye is about as subtle as being impaled to death by an American flag.
0.5 The film unfolds at such breakneck speed that the credits are rolling before it becomes fully apparent that the storyline actually ran out of gas some way back.
0.7 In Eagle Eye, old-school political paranoia is filtered through a new prism that focuses not on terrorism but on overcooked US government measures to monitor citizens.
0.5 We're told that the idea for Eagle Eye came from executive producer Steven Spielberg, but it's not a very original idea and it's no surprise that Spielberg didn't want to direct it himself...
0.5 I was waiting for Will Smith to pop up in this sequel to Enemy of The State, which was extremely far-fetched but still deliver pretty decent entertainment.
0.8 There's nothing wrong with occasionally indulging in an entertaining film purely because it is an entertaining film. What is the point of a healthy, nourishing dinner if there isn't any desert at the end?
0.5 With less expensive actors, it might just have been called Chase Movie, and played for laughs.
0.375 Provides one of the biggest You've Got To Be Kidding moments of the year.
0.5 This big, bone-headed and unintentionally laughable techno-fear thriller is a movie in one hell of a hurry.
0.4 What might have been a zeitgeist-fueled paranoid thriller along the lines of The Conversation or Three Days of the Condor winds up an unintentionally hilarious exercise in the suspension of disbelief, peppered with confusingly edited car cha
0.75 The Kubrickian Hitchcock elements are out front and personal, but D.J. Caruso keeps things nicely slick and swift so the film reminds you, maybe not of those legends, but certainly of someone like John Badham at his 1983 peak.
0.2 two hours of absolute nonsense that is easily the noisiest action film to come around the pike since "Transformers" and quite possibly the dumbest one to boot.
0.75 This time, Big Brother doesn't only want to listen to us - he wants to kill us.
0.5 It's worth a look for the effects, or if you just want to scare yourself into throwing out your cellphone and living off the grid.
0.6 Take one or two good ideas and add a lot of political thriller cliches and you end up with a disappointingly predictable action movie that doesn't necessarily deliver on the promised goods.
0.9 This is just good, old-fashioned filmmaking with two likable protagonists up against a monolithic antagonist.
0.375 Determined to remake himself into a mini-Michael Bay (replete with military hardware fetishism!), Caruso shoots primarily in shaky, glossy close-ups that obliterate any sense of spatial proportion, scale or lucidity.
0.6 a likable paranoid fantasy that will handily kill a couple of hours on a Saturday afternoon... before disappearing into the endless data stream it depicts with such apprehension.
0.5 Though it aspires to be an intriguing political cautionary tale, the movie is mostly about the feverish and jarringly choreographed chase scenes.
0.6 exploits paranoia about the invasion of personal privacy by technology with an entertaining action fantasy that pushes all the right buttons
0.75 Depending on your perspective, it will be either one of the year's sillier films or one of its most enjoyable ones. Or possibly a combination of both.
0.75 Eagle Eye skillfully taps into post-Sept. 11 paranoia -- a briskly paced thriller that blinks at times but mostly keeps its focus.
0.45 It means to say something about anti-terrorism surveillance and civil liberties, but if you asked me what Eagle Eye is about, I'd have to say it's about as dumb as can be.
0.4 Eagle Eye isn't horrible, but it does make sure the audience is bruised, buffeted and battered with rock-'em, sock-'em action in a deliberate attempt to shake logical questions about the plot out of their heads.
0.625 Eagle Eye wants to be Marathon Man, or Enemy of the State, only with a post-9/11 overlay and a plot device lifted straight from 2001: A Space Odyssey.
0.25 By the time Jerry and Rachel are riding around on airport conveyer belts while Agent Morgan, in hot pursuit, stumbles over luggage behind them, the film has lost all semblance of sanity and focus.
0.625 Check your credulity at the door, and you'll at least enjoy some high-impact action scenes.
0.5 The word 'preposterous' is too moderate to describe Eagle Eye. This film contains not a single plausible moment after the opening sequence, and that's borderline.
0.8 Manages to be both ominous and fun, making this a popcorn thriller with an edge.
0.5 And you thought Live Free or Die Hard turned real issues into rubbish.
0.6 Explosion-filled thriller is clever but confusing.
0.7 Eagle Eye has its flaws, but you're not going to care or notice them.
0.5 So what we have here is the world's smartest entity giving orders to the two dumbest people.
0.6 Good, manic fun plus a heavy dose of political intrigue adding up to two hours of clamorous, mind-numbing nonsense.
0.6 The fever-pitch paranoia of this terrorist thriller, the seizure-inducing editing, the dense layers slapped on a fairly simple plot all point to a kind of overkill that only Hollywood money can buy.
0.4 The movie is about the crashing, chasing, shooting and exploding, not about the human collateral damage left in its wake.
0.1 Scary Movie 5 is a reprehensible excuse of a comedy and should barely be considered a film since it's of such poor quality. They don't make a dunce cap big enough for individuals this idiotic.
0.2 Railing against Scary Movie V for diminishing the series' standards would be as effective as criticising Brooke Hogan for disgracing her proud family name. And yet, the fifth instalment of the Scary Movie franchise does do that.
0.4 Enough. Please.
0.4 This is a big waste of time, drawing one more gasp out of a series that should have given up the ghost long ago.
0.2 This franchise has steadily gotten worse and worse with #5 being the all time low.
0.125 The only thing scary about 'Scary Movie 5' is the thought of a sequel.
0.2 It's crude, gross and probably wishes it was offensive but comes across as just lazy, limp and unfunny.
0.1 Don't. Don't go see this. Don't subject yourself to this. Don't subject your brain to this. Don't give these people your money and encourage them to make more of this.
0.2 The filmmakers border on sophomoric desperation, achieving a measurable shred of humor only in the outtakes during the closing credits.
0.2 A laughter vacuum whose race to parody the likes of Mama and the new Evil Dead remake didn't stretch to writing actual jokes.
0.4 The latest installment of the slick, highly profitable parody franchise.
0.25 It's supposed to be funny, but you'd have an easier time reading a zombie's pulse than you would finding a single good laugh ...
0.0 This vapid, vulgar insult to the intelligence couldn't possibly have been tested on any focus groups. Can we all now agree that we've reached the cinematic saturation point with the rapidly-expiring, Scary Movie franchise?
0.2 If I ever have to watch another Scary Movie film, I'll give up on writing, cinema, and society forever.
0.5 For the art-house crowd, who may, I suppose, stumble drunk into the wrong theater after too much Chardonnay, there are nods to Black Swan and 127 Hours.
0.0 The scariest thing about Scary Movie 5 is that it actually made me chortle less than some of the silly horror flicks it's trying to spoof!
0.2 Lacking a single honest laugh, this is shoddy by comparison with the other Scary Movie sequels... which throws it in a pit with Transylmania, Breaking Wind and Stan Helsing.
0.2 Like so much of this whole series, the mere mention of a familiar pop culture figure or title is supposed to be hilarious.
0.0 Scary Movie 5 must be some kind of psychological experiment. Perhaps the filmmakers sat in a lab, rubbing their temples while wondering aloud how awful they could make a movie and still score at the box office.
0.1 If it's even possible, Scary Movie 5 is worse than its predecessors, reaching all new heights of stupidity and fall-flat comedy.
0.2 The best part of Scary Movie 5 -- not counting the part when it's over -- comes near the beginning.
0.2 Scary Movie 5 is a dumbed down and hollow version of the franchise formula - resulting in an idiotic (and unamusing) attempt at parody that is tedious not fun.
0.05 A hate crime against cinema, a ringing indictment of the depths commercialism will go to in search of the lowest common denominator.
0.1 yap yap yap yap yap...
0.6 There are opportunities to have a good time with this film, if you are a forgiving sort.
0.1 Even if you chuckle occasionally at this, it's hard to see how anyone would want to pay to see it.
0.2 Another pointless exercise that only served to make me deeply examine why comedy was ever funny. Next time, I'd rather just laugh.
0.15 Surely we have a responsibility to audiences in need of laughter, and surely we can do better than this.
0.25 The inexcusably desperate "Scary Movie 5" is this once-prosperous series' death rattle.
0.2 You must have a better way to spend that $13.
0.25 Put it this way, there's a spoof of "Rise of the Planet of the Apes" in which gorillas throw their feces at the wall to see if it sticks, and you can't help wondering if this is actual documentary footage of the script meetings.
0.25 Scary Movie 5 is so bad, it makes A Haunted House look like a Seltzer/Friedberg comedy.
0.2 like a sharp stick in the eye
0.25 Spoofs always break the rule of half-mocking something stale, but I had no idea we needed a minimum amount of time needed before a reference.
0.25 These movies grow shorter and less funny by the year.
0.0 When you find yourself wishing there was more Lindsay Lohan in a movie, you know it's bad. SCARY MOVIE 5 is so bad that a DJ spinning a pizza instead of a record is what passes for a sight gag. Or a woman having sex with a microwave...
0.4 This is the first Scary Movie in seven years, but the formula remains unchanged, with a thin storyline linking spoofs of Hollywood hits.
0.4 Director Victor Garcia and screenwriter Richard D'Ovidio really just want to get down to business, so they don't waste much effort on plot.
0.5 The film looks good, and overall production quality is certainly serviceable, but at the end of the day, The Damned is just another of countless horror films.
0.25 From its first draw of blood onward, it bolts down a foreseeable slasher-movie trajectory, laying on thick the dramatic irony while constantly inventing new reasons to punish its characters for old iniquities.
0.5 The Damned does all it can to make witches scary once again, but flashes of inept acting and tonal fumbles spoil what could have been a horrifying feast of riches.
0.2 Incredibly dull, dreary film wastes a good cast.
0.6 This con man movie is best for older teens and up.
0.8 Like Richard Widmark, [John C. Reilly] is an excellent character actor who can convey both likeability and pathetical desperation simultaneously.
0.4 Those viewers who watched NUEVE REINAS beforehand will be affected with increasingly unpleasant feeling of deja vu.
0.6 [It's] a safer, watered-down, but still enjoyable redo.
0.6 ...the interaction of the movie's two leads, Reilly and Luna, is so good you might enjoy it for their performances alone.
0.6 Considerando-se que o otimo Nove Rainhas foi realizado ha apenas alguns anos, esta refilmagem soa desnecessaria, por mais interessante que seja seu roteiro.
0.8 Reilly is perhaps the most amazing fusion of boy and man we have in American movies.
0.875 Like a smash-and-grab job, the movie gets in, springs the con and gets out quick - leaving the viewer to replay the twists on his or her own time.
0.75 While the twists at the end are a little more predictable here than in the first film, it's still an assured work, especially considering that it comes from a first-time director.
0.5 Redundant.
0.75 This is one of the best con movies I have seen as rare currency is used as the valuable commodity.
0.6 The remake is so faithful to the first film that some of the snap and crackle disappears if you know the plot. It's like watching The Sixth Sense for a second time.
0.6 Yet another inexplicable American remake that adds nothing new to the original.
0.5 Maybe I'm dense, but the finale of Criminal left me not exactly sure what was won and what was lost or why I should care.
0.6 With dashes of black humour and pointed glimpses of the American class system, Criminal is a taut con-versus-con game whose deft artistry isn't fully revealed until the last few minutes.
0.625 A kind of who-done-what? puzzle. You'll probably enjoy it much more if you haven't seen the 2002 Argentine film, Nine Queens.
0.6 You can't go too far wrong on the performance front with John C. Reilly, Diego Luna or Maggie Gyllenhaal, but this one never really goes above average.
0.6 Like deja vu all over again.
0.5 Not smooth or seductive enough to coerce you into taking it at face value.
0.5 even when the emotional aspect of the story starts to work, it is ultimately undermined by a final twist
0.75 A competent Americanization of the Argentinian film Nine Queens, with John C. Reilly seemingly enjoying his atypical leading role.
0.6 Criminal can be praised and damned for its fidelity to the Argentinean masterpiece Nine Queens.
0.6 If subtitles are not your thing and you're in the mood to witness an elegant con job in the classic Mamet mold, then Criminal is the card to play.
0.625 ...newbies looking for an easy-breezy Ocean's Eleven-and-a-Half should get a kick out of this frugally low-key, innocuous cover song of a caper.
0.6 The remake is infinitely more entertaining if you haven't seen Nine Queens -- the details are different, but the surprises are the same and something of the first film's underlying darkness has been lost in translation.
0.75 Maybe watching Reilly, Luna and Gyllenhaal is quite enough entertainment value for any movie.
0.5 The problems lie not with the actors but with a glib approach that exposes the flaws of the original story.
0.75 The fast, forced plot, which moves up from street grifts to a big score involving rare currency, lives in the amusing and zippered byplay of Luna and Reilly, who achieve a sort of marriage du jour for criminal purposes.
0.75 It's a good film, suitably entertaining, but there's the nagging question of why everyone bothered.
0.5 In the end, coincidence undoes Criminal.
0.75 Those unfamiliar with Fabian Bielinsky's 2002 film will delight to this delicious deviousness.
0.6 The constant shadow of doubt keeps the viewer from investing in the characters, because we suspect one or more of them isn't what they seem.
0.625 Entertaining and well acted, but redundant and a bit machinelike.
0.75 Doesn't exactly reinvigorate an overworked genre, but neither does it disgrace the format or the original movie.
0.75 It's such a pleasure being in the company of these actors as they work with character-rich material that if they burst into the audience and swindled us out of our wallets, we would gladly oblige.
0.5 It's a listless, dutiful affair -- a cover version played out of obligation, not inspiration.
0.75 Its spiral of deceptions within deceptions remains resolutely character-based until the outlandish end, which proves emotionally satisfying because it's based on what really drives people as much as too-clever plotting.
0.75 An incredibly clever and superbly paced caper filled with scams within scams within scams.
0.5 This is the kind of movie so full of coincidence and double crosses that you simply don't have the mental energy to go back and sort it all out at the end.
0.75 What elevates Criminal into a delicious con in the league of Red Rock West, House of Games or Matchstick Men is John C. Reilly.
0.625 Follows the original fairly closely, and because I already knew the plot secrets, it couldn't work on me in its intended way. As the recycled characters, dialog and events turned up, there seemed to be an echo in the room.
0.6 Glances at family dynamics and class divisions benefit the genre mix, and the cast animates the lean script with a simmering brew of charm, smarm, ferocious greed and street smarts.
0.75 Reilly sheds a career playing dupes and schlubs and gives his first full-tilt electric performance.
0.75 Scores higher than most con artist movies by focusing more on the artists than the con.
0.75 Criminal has a wonderful modern film noir feel punctuated with incredibly clever dialog...
0.5 It has half the panache and none of the surprise for anyone who saw the original.
0.7 It's funny, fast-paced, and sharp - as entertaining in English as it was in Spanish.
0.8 a quirky daylight noir with a plot that spins on a dime as its twists and turns on its way to proving that it's greed, not love, that doth make fools of us all
0.8 We know someone is pulling something, and someone is going to get away with something, and someone is going to be left holding the bag of cheese, but Jacobs keeps us on our toes.
0.625 Manages to satisfy despite being inferior to the original on nearly every level.
0.7 John C. Reilly stars as a gimlet-eyed con man in this clever and diverting adaptation of the Argentine thriller Nine Queens.
0.625 A light, speedy movie, as agreeably modest as a pop hit or a BLT.
0.75 Habitual duplicity and backstabbing create a stimulating, deceptively intricate plot maze in this sharp, shrewd, but not showy remake.
0.75 It's all done with sufficient style that, when we get there, the end no longer feels like the point.
0.8 The finest tribute I can lavish on this stateside remake of 2002's Argentinean export Nine Queens is that it took me a full hour to remember I had seen the original -- and reviewed it, no less.
0.5 This remake of the Argentine hit is effective at times, and Gyllenhaal shows a new side of her talent, but the main impression is of first-rate performers doing second-rate work.
0.9 It's hip, witty and fun, and will remind you why movies are made in the first place.
0.75 It's an auspicious debut for first-timer Gregory Jacobs.
0.875 Fans of con-man capers will have no regrets after watching Criminal.
0.6 Jacobs doesn't add anything new to the genre, but his version of taking the concepts out for a walk is entertaining enough to mark time until Ocean's Twelve.
0.5 An exercise where viewers are likely to ponder not 'How did the characters do it?' but 'Who cares?'
0.75 The returns will be diminished for those too familiar with the story.
0.5 an easy mark to make and a hard movie to sell to paying customers.
0.375 A retread and it feels like it.
0.75 The result isn't as compelling as Nine Queens, but it's a respectable caper movie in the tradition of The Sting and David Mamet's Heist.
0.75 A classic crime caper that twists and turns with an easy subtly.
0.75 [Full of] fine acting and sharp dialog.
0.625 By the end, those who haven't seen Nine Queens may applaud the entertaining sleight-of-hand...those who have may lament that Criminal is the proverbial old dog.
0.5 The movie was made just four years ago by Argentinian director Fabian Bielinsky. It is called Nine Queens, and it is vastly superior to this blah U.S. remake from director Gregory Jacobs.
0.375 Criminal's biggest offense may be that Jacobs and his actors make absolutely no attempt to rewrite Nine Queens.
0.6 We got two and a half more months of crap to go before we get to the holiday/awards season.
0.7 A terrific combination of action, mystery and adventure
0.7 Mystery-train thriller chills, then goes off the rails.
0.75 Although it doesn't go as far as Strangers on a Train, TransSiberian is worth the ride.
0.75 as Hitchcockian thrillers go, it's one of the smarter and more absorbing ones made in recent years
0.5 Unfortunately, there's never a moment where you can't see Anderson and his co-writer, Will Conroy, yanking on the strings.
0.8 hearkens back to those glorious tales of intrigue and adventure that populated film screens in the 30s and 40s.
0.6 It effectively keeps us in the dark as to where the story is eventually heading, allowing the film to deliver enough suspense to produce some serious hang-wringing.
0.7 Transsiberian is more than a rote thriller; it's also a sharp character study... actually, several studies in which the information about each character is slowly revealed and every scrap of knowledge further informs our understanding of the plot.
0.75 As Alfred Hitchcock demonstrated three times, trains make a nifty setting for a thriller.
0.75 Anderson uses snowy locations to impose a chilly menace on the characters, and the script ratchets the tension at a sneakily measured pace.
0.6 ...a tight and terse thriller.
0.75 Transsiberian has more twists and turns in it than the real-life, extensive train route that gives this independently produced suspense-thriller its name.
0.6 The limitations of its human characters aside, the movie has a terrific feel for the chilly, remote, attentively portrayed character of its environment.
0.8 Paranoia is right on track in this sinister, trapped-on-a-train thriller.
0.875 Takes a more cerebral route, toying with your expectations only to give you something else, whispering hints of what fate might have in store for the characters after the credits roll.
0.75 This diverting effort from writer/director Brad Anderson is a generally satisfying fish-out-of-water thriller in which two squeaky-clean Americans find themselves caught up in a web of death, drugs and disappearances.
0.75 Transsiberian is a model of audience manipulation, a slow-fuse thriller that builds its suspense gradually, in increments, until it has becomes close to unbearable. Then it pushes things just a little further, until you're squirming in your seat.
0.7 This is not to say that Transsiberian is wall-to-wall dread. Once it gets going...it delivers enough electricity to keep us right near, if not completely on, the edge of our seats.
0.875 Transsiberian is fantastic.
0.75 Writer/director Brad Anderson gives us an artful, shifty-eyed take on human strengths and weakness; his film delivers the pleasure of a conventional tale well told, with clever twists and complex characters.
0.8 Transsiberian is a paranoid, chilling train trek that borrows freely from the best Hitchcock pictures to give us that rare adult summer thriller -- 'adult' as in not based on a comic book or video game.
1.0 Some might think this film is unbelievable, and they're right. But, Hitchcock films aren't either. They're just fun rollercoaster rides, so check your brain at the door and have a blast.
0.75 A morally complex if plot-wobbly thriller set on the Trans-Siberian Express as it rockets (well, creaks and groans) through snowy forests and forgotten towns.
0.875 Transsiberian starts in neutral, taking the time to introduce its characters, and then goes from second into high like greased lightning. I was a little surprised to notice how thoroughly it wound me up. This is a good one.
0.75 Transsiberian shows there's plenty of life left in the 'strangers on a train' genre.
0.75 It's got that classic thriller feel where characters are slowly caught in a mousetrap and they have to find their way out. It's a slow, menacing burn.
0.8 The patient viewer should find Trannsiberian to be a rewarding experience. Hitch would be proud.
0.6 A movie whose inspiration comes straight from the DNA of some of Hitchcock's finest classics, Anderson's latest is a languid, sometimes engaging thriller that unfortunately fails to elevate those existing cliches and conventions beyond the parameters of w
0.9 A queasy-making train thriller directed with vibrant visual panache by Brad Anderson.
0.7 A well mounted, character-cognizant combination of Hitchcock's Strangers on a Train and Andrei Konchalovskys existentially tinged Runaway Train.
0.625 Modest thriller set aboard the titular train plays like low-suspense Hitchcock until sadly, in the last act, it derails.
0.75 The execution is masterful and even as you see the building blocks of the climax being put into place, it's a delight to watch them fit just so.
0.7 Transsiberian makes provocative connections between external and internal states, the ways that composition can reveal character.
0.6 A handsomely remodeled variation of a cherished genre you might call the mystery-train movie.
0.6 The cramped, cold setting creates an appropriately ominous atmosphere, and while Mortimer and Harrelson are noticeably mismatched, their journey together is compelling enough to make the ride worthwhile.
0.75 An atmospheric, Hitchcockian thriller set aboard a famed train route, Brad Anderson's Transsiberian is a genuine sleeper that jump-starts an almost extinct genre.
0.8 Enjoyable train-based thriller with strong performances, gorgeous photography and some enjoyable dashes of Hitchcock scattered liberally throughout.
0.75 Even if you've seen lots of movies of this type and can figure out exactly what's going to happen, Anderson takes great pleasure in the pure form and execution of it.
0.7 Mortimer's portrayal of dubious grace under pressure and an action-packed third act balance out the film's shortcomings.
0.5 Transsiberian is a film that fails to make us care enough to be concerned about the peril faced by its protagonists.
0.625 Transsiberian eventually reveals itself to be scatterbrained thematically.
0.7 A unique picture that left me feeling -- for the first time in a very long time -- like I'd actually been in another place, another world...so very different from my own.
0.6 A missionary couple with unresolved marital problems falls prey to corrupt cops and horny heroin smugglers in Transsiberian, a decent thriller that derails only during a preposterous finale.
0.8 While not the most original of thrillers, Transsiberian nevertheless provides enough unexpected twists and turns to make for a pleasant ride.
0.8 Clearly inspired by a few of Hitchcock's 'train-bound' movies, Transsiberian doesn't break a lot of new ground, but it does tell a slick story in a very chilly setting.
0.7 Whenever you may think you know where things are going, Anderson throws a number of clever and unexpected twists that keeps you on your toes.
0.6 It's not that The Man Who Knew Too Much is necessarily boring, but it lacks that riveting suspense Hitchcock became known for later on in his career.
0.75 In the final analysis, the 1934 and 1956 versions are comparable in quality for different reasons, but the greatest single component of either film can be found in this '34 edition: the great performance by Peter Lorre as a menacing criminal mastermind.
0.75 not a particularly great film, although it is filled with isolated moments of greatness and hints of masterpieces to come
0.8 This is a suberbly structured thriller whose excellence is aided and abetted by a spirited cast.
0.8 Directed with a fascinating staccato violence by Alfred Hitchcock, it is the swiftest screen melodrama this column can recall.
0.4 Ainda refinando as tecnicas que passaria a dominar com perfeicao, Hitchcock cria um filme divertido, mas obviamente falho.
1.0 First and best version of the story.
1.0 [The film] never fails to intrigue you with its great characters and storytelling.
0.4 Unoriginal and unrelenting, this gothic ghost story invests too much time in banging doors and billowing drapes and not enough in its characters.
0.4 Director Courtney Solomon's script is a catalogue of the standard Exorcist-style special effects, hammered home by Caine Davidson's musical score, one of the most irritating and nerve-wracking assemblies of noise in movie history.
0.4 It really is fun to watch yet another oddball turn by Sutherland, and a marginally restrained one from Spacek. It's just not that fun.
0.4 Disappointing horror film which fails to generate any suspense or horror and is occasionally downright laughable.
0.5 Although [director Solomon] has some great ideas, they are limited, and we are therefore treated to repeats of the same basic scenario over and over again until the effect becomes tedious.
0.4 A collection of cheap jump-scares and tacky cliched imagery that we've seen a million times before.
0.5 It's less An American Haunting than American humdrum.
0.2 Labeled by some as 'America's Greatest Ghost Story,' the legendary Bell Witch gets herself another movie and the result is far from America's Greatest Ghost Movie.
0.3 An American Haunting utterly stultifies the thrilling Bell Witch legend on which the film is based; the most disturbing ghost here is the wraith of opportunity lost.
0.3 The film isn't that frightening simply because we've seen this sort of 'girl attacked by demon' material countless times before.
0.3 Writer-director Solomon simply can't generate any actual suspense. Although he certainly tries.
0.2 The star of Don't Look Now and the star of Carrie appearing in a film as weak as this - now that's scary.
0.25 On more than one occasion...a girl scrapes her fingernails across a wood floor as an invisible poltergeist attacks her. The wood floor may not be a chalkboard, but it's close enough.
0.5 Writer-director Courtney Solomon can't decide what kind of movie he's making.
0.3 Frighteningly bad
0.375 Whatever really lurks behind the story of the kinda-famous Bell Witch remains hidden in "An American Haunting," a murky script that only makes us wonder all the more: What the heck?
0.2 like spending an afternoon in the world's lamest haunted house.
0.375 Solomon's flimsy fright fable An American Haunting couldn't scare a lobbyist from a Washington D.C. politician's picnic...a sluggish period piece boofest.
0.375 If you're a believer in ghosts and spirits you might enjoy this film. It just made me want to find out what really happened in that house.
0.4 Despite . . . general bumpings in the night, not to mention several rounds of people getting smacked around by unseen hands, [it's] just a whole lot of nothing going on
0.125 Boggles the mind with how many things it gets wrong.
0.5 a cross between "Masterpiece Theater" and "The Exorcist."
0.0 Someone should call The Ghostbusters to make An American Haunting disappear from movie theaters like a ghost is expelled during an exorcism.
0.25 This is the type of movie that you should be getting for free on television.
0.5 Throughout the film, doors slam, windows shatter and poor, battered Betsy wakes up screaming with tiresome regularity; even Sutherland appears bored by it all.
0.375 There's thunder and lightning and wall-to-wall music. But it still doesn't add up to much of a movie.
0.375 The dark force behind this movie is the relentless power of cliche.
0.625 For anyone aware of this poltergeist tale, or who bothers to look it up, the victim's identity will come as no surprise, and a horror movie without a surprise is no horror movie at all.
0.375 A Post-Colonial Scooby-Doo, as respectable actors in perfectly pressed costumes run up and down stairs avoiding unseen spooks. The director stands in the corner yelling "Boo!"
0.125 There's a dark, abiding mystery at the center of An American Haunting, and it's how on earth major stars such as Donald Sutherland and Sissy Spacek were talked into appearing in this film.
0.5 Spacek and Sutherland could do work like this in their sleep ... and now we have the proof.
0.5 The impact of the old-school effects is negated by Solomon's all too contemporary stylistic overkill: Sourceless but loud 'scary' noises accompany jump cuts and whip pans, and the camera usually appears more agitated than the Bells...
0.3 Things go bump in the night in this 19th-century ghost story, but it's the bump of emptying seats, as audiences flee in boredom, that will haunt you for days.
0.625 Using alleged 'actual events' as a template, writer-director Courtney Solomon fashions a crafty mystery with a lot of joy-buzzer jolts sliding through its somber mood.
0.6 The ending is handled so poorly that you forget how much you might have enjoyed the rest of the movie.
0.7 Regardless of what you may think of Donald Sutherland, and Sissy Spacek, An American Haunting is yet another light weight PG-13 film that poses rather well as an honest to goodness horror film.
0.5 An American Haunting takes the spurious "based on real events" claim to new extremes
0.4 Yet another mismatched cop adventure.
0.4 Half-baked, forgettable action flick
1.0 What strikes you aren't just the iconic moments, but the little ones.
1.0 Taxi Driver is a brilliant study of alienation, obsession, paranoia and perverse desire. There's an undeniable power and grittiness that very few films have come close to capturing since.
1.0 Scorsese's masterpiece of urban alienation...
1.0 A haunting, visceral trip through the mind of a man on the edge of his own sanity.
1.0 This is an extraordinary film. De Niro in the central role delivers one of those powerhouse performances that simply blows the audience away.
1.0 Melodramatic as it often is, the film is a riveting watch and De Niro provides a character study it is impossible to forget.
1.0 The bustling helter-skelter of Scorsese's Mean Streets gives way to a measured, chilly calm, and cinematographer Michael Chapman ensures the Big Apple glistens with barely concealed menace.
1.0 Bickle is complex, intriguing and never one-note.
1.0 Hitchcockian unease permeates the film, but so too does a Godardian use of space and a Bressonian focus on obsession heighten the mounting sense of dread.
0.8 Portrait of a very disturbed man; NOT for kids.
0.96 Writer Paul Schrader and director Martin Scorsese made names for themselves with this exquisitely crafted window into the contemporary male psyche. Taxi Driver seems aimless, taking as many u-turns and detours as a cabby does in the night. But it's
1.0 If you haven't seen Taxi Driver, your education in film hasn't even begun.
0.875 Get in and take a nightmare ride on perhaps Scorsese's best picture, the story of Vietnam vet Travis Bickle's fight to win the woman of his dreams in the seedy Big Apple.
1.0 The blend of Schrader's script, Scorsese's direction and De Niro's performance is both riveting and unnerving. A film that will stay with you forever.
1.0 Is Travis a hero or a monster? The question is never answered to any satisfying degree, and Herrmann's score makes sure of that by always playing up the counterpoint of a scene.
1.0 What a mad and brilliant film it is: 1,000-degree proof Seventies cinema.
1.0 An utter masterwork of shifting tones and flowering angst.
0.8 Powerful drama and portrait of insanity.
1.0 A movie to educate us about life on darker sides of the soul, or steer us away from living that life. It draws us in with a conviction that makes us feel like we're living it.
1.0 Scorcese's first masterpiece.
0.7 You may want to argue with Taxi Driver at the end, and with good reason, but it won't be a waste of time.
1.0 Don't let the endless barrage of morons imitating the "You talkin' to me?" bit put you off.
0.6 De Niro is brilliant, but the film as a whole is less successful than its formidable reputation suggests
1.0 Director Martin Scorsese's nightmare vision of Manhattan is important, impulsive work.
1.0 Taxi Driver is one of the best films ever made. Movies don't get any better than this.
1.0 There have been few films that have created and sustained the sense of constant, underlying dread that pervades every frame of Martin Scorsese's scorching urban masterpiece
1.0 An undeniably brilliant, nightmarish portrait of one man's personal hell.
1.0 So much of this study of evil is brilliant.
0.93 Its themes of urban decay, anomie and violence which infuse the impending sense of doom at the heart of this film still hang like black clouds over many cities today.
0.9 The thing I'm never sure about is whether Travis is actually psychotic, and Paul Schrader's script, Scorsese's direction, and De Niro's performance don't give us any easy answers.
1.0 One of the best and most powerful of all films.
0.75 Perhaps the most formally ravishing-as well as the most morally and ideologically problematic-film ever directed by Martin Scorsese, the 1976 Taxi Driver remains a disturbing landmark for the kind of voluptuous doublethink it helped ratify.
0.9 But despite anything, [the] average viewer at the end actually cheers for Travis.
1.0 The symbolism used by Scorsese, the extremely effective acting by Robert DeNiro, and the superb writing by Paul Schrader, turn this movie into a cinematic adventure of many layers.
1.0 The heart and soul of Taxi Driver are twisted in a way that can't be faked or copied.
1.0 Probably did for cab drivers what Psycho did for showers.
1.0 A masterful psychological study, the depth of which can only fully be appreciated on repeat viewings.
0.7 The rest of the film plays unswervingly like a traditional movie made for television.
0.8 Gorgeously atmospheric in both the visuals and the soundtrack, and it's a marathon of high-impact Grand Dame acting.
1.0 The on-screen fireworks were reportedly fuelled by off-screen hatred, but the chemistry between the stars is unquestionably hair-raising and upped the Gothic stakes to camp shock levels.
0.6 There are plenty of thrills and no shortage of suspense in this darkly comic horror film.
0.8 Remains fascinatingly warped: an extended study in decaying flesh, set to a score mordantly trying to break into Hooray for Hollywood.
1.0 The ultimate camp-Gothic bitchfight. Vastly entertaining.
0.8 Remains a masterclass in 'uglying up' and a relevant comment on the destructive nature of celebrity.
0.8 The 1930s Lugosi/Karloff match-ups at Universal Studios only suggested the potential of what a decades-long feud like Bette Davis and Joan Crawford could produce.
0.6 It's still vivid, barnstorming stuff.
0.8 For the viewer, too, this creepy mood-piece is far from a comfortable watch.
1.0 Crawford wisely underacts -- if her performance isn't as showy as Davis's, it's not any less accomplished.
1.0 Sick! Sick! Sick!
0.7 While Crawford is rather subdued throughout the film, Davis chews up the scenery as one of the most bizarre, depraved villainesses you'll ever encounter.
0.875 the grandious acting makes up for every flaw
1.0 as close to genre perfection as one is likely to come
0.8 A chilling, disturbing movie.
0.8 Macabre and transfixing: you can smell the rotting house and relish the sweet richness of good overacting.
0.8 ...uniquely haunting and hilarious...Davis and Crawford energize this off-kilter psychological drama with calculating, campy performances
0.4 There is nothing particularly moving or significant about these two.
0.6 It's a classic of sorts, but too depressing to be much fun
0.8 A truly compelling portrait of a washed-up child star; even more compelling is the story of the peripheral people who suffer because of the misery of a washed-up child star.
0.8 It's a film that's a little slow to start and could benefit from a faster pace. But this is still essential viewing with the superb Davis in legend mode and Crawford wisely under-playing her role as the victim.
0.6 There are pleasures to be found in the crotchety maternal interplay between Sarandon and Ellen Burstyn ...
0.6 Working against the sublime, hilly backdrop of Dundas, director Jason Stone keeps his pacing elegant and the atmosphere moody.
0.4 The dread barely bobs above sea level, despite efficient performances from Sarandon and the talented, underworked supporting cast.
0.6 All in all, a solid if rather daft film.
0.4 The Canadian serial-killer-hunt script is less satisfying and heavily signposted throughout, so that even Sarandon's Detective Hazel Micallef seems a bit bored by it and sends out her new deputy (Topher Grace) to do most of the legwork.
0.2 There is almost nothing about The Calling that sets it aside from a hundreds of crime thrillers that are churned out from Hollywood year in, year out.
0.7 Dark and haunting, this Canadian thriller has an offhanded style that balances a grisly mystery with real-life humour, plus characters who are easy to identify with.
0.4 The Calling isn't so much an awful film as a flat and unremarkable one ...
0.6 A parable for assisted suicide which keeps its political hand well covered.
0.6 It's all quite ridiculous but it has some creepy scenes ...
0.6 It's handsomely shot, filmed with a crisp, chilly edge and plenty of natural light. But the visual realism locks horns with a ruinously predictable - and increasingly silly - narrative.
0.6 This engaging -- but, crucially, never quite gripping -- thriller is a gloomy yet classy affair.
0.6 More character-driven than gory, The Calling is a slow-burner, but it's laced with pitch-black humour and appealing character quirks.
0.4 Too one-dimensional to be a character study, and too dull to be a thriller, The Calling is disappointing not just because of its bland, procedural tone but also because it completely wastes a truly impressive cast.
0.7 An engrossing psycho-thriller.
0.6 Faith-themed crime thriller has graphic violence, language.
0.5 The Calling seems like it might be trying to be a horror flick for the Fargo set.
0.25 Almost miraculously finds a way to waste the prodigious talents of Susan Sarandon, Ellen Burstyn, and Donald Sutherland.
0.5 It comes to the screen as a clumsy tale, alas, but a strong cast that includes Oscar winner Susan Sarandon elevates matters somewhat.
0.375 What not even Sutherland can do, and which eventually makes you want to lie down on the floor just like Sarandon, is make The Calling convincing or compelling.
0.625 Basically this is the story of some major talents having to make do, once again, with a minor film. And that's a crime too, if not quite a sin.
0.5 all suspense-less smoke and minor-key mirrors
0.5 Here's a mystery: what the heck is Susan Sarandon doing north of the border in a low-budget Canadian thriller called The Calling?
0.625 It aims high and doesn't quite hit the mark. Simply put, The Calling needed to go more in depth with its ideas.
0.8 A well-paced thriller that will have you guessing until the end, "The Calling" comes to us courtesy of first time feature director Jason Stone.
0.6 The Calling never does find its own number in this lottery of thriller cliche, but the combination it pulls from the plastic barrel feels as fun, as familiar and just as campy as a game of small-stakes bingo played in a church basement.
0.8 It's remarkable what a little care and attention can do for a familiar genre, and Jason Stone's The Calling has been made with more than a little of both.
0.6 The cast is so good, they elevate and expand the movie.
0.3 A somber, supernatural meditation on ritualistic murder...
0.375 The premise of faith-based assisted suicide as a motivating factor for a madman's killing spree is initially intriguing, but quickly revealed as solemn window dressing.
0.75 Bless me father for I have slain!
0.75 More than 'Fargo' meets 'Se7ven' ... Sarandon's portrayal of the surly, embittered small-town police chief is so assured and nuanced, we'd welcome a Hazel Micallef mystery franchise.
0.4 [The cast's] ardent professionalism... helps tamp down the hysteria that might be expected to spring from the premise of a Catholic serial killer. Then again, this grisly murder party could have used some livening up.
0.7 well-written, well-directed and well-acted genre film
0.8 Um inteligente drama policial que se preocupa mais com o desenvolvimento de seus personagens (e com as relacoes entre estes) do que com tiroteios e reviravoltas.
0.6 Far too light on action to be very exciting, and far too generic and familiar to be genuinely intriguing, Infernal Affairsis ultimately a forgettable affair.
1.0 Everything you'd want in a police action thriller: powerhouse performances, Grade A production values, a good script and suspenseful direction.
0.8 Solid character-centric piece that's more interested in psychology than in gritty action sequences.
0.875 ...has an intensity usually reserved for Greek tragedy.
0.7 I appreciated the filmmakers' conviction to keep the story as gutsy as possible. The film doesn't flinch.
0.875 Beauty in its consistent, washed-out blues and silvers, grace in its understated, intense male performances and energy in its unyielding commitment to tone and tension.
0.75 What makes it special is the inner turmoil caused by living a lie. If everyone you know and everything you do for 10 years indicates you are one kind of person, and you know you are another, how do you live with that?
0.875 A blistering thriller and an intelligent character study and a comic take-off on the conventions of thrillers.
0.8 This is the type of movie Asian action fans talk about when they say they love the genre.
0.8 The twists offered in Infernal Affairs ... take the genre to enthralling new heights, guaranteeing that any future such efforts will have an entirely new bar for which to aim.
0.875 A beautifully crafted, exciting story that keeps on surprising you to the very end.
0.875 Infernal Affairs is the combustible Hong Kong fever dream that would emerge from a night spent watching Heat and Donnie Brasco back to back.
0.6 Skilfully directed by cinematographer Andrew Lau Wai-Keung, Infernal Affairs has the feel of a made-for-prime-time U.S. police thriller.
0.5 A great cop yarn.
1.0 Asia is seizing another of our taken-for-granted, creatively neglected staples, the cop movie, and again shows us how relevant and entertaining it can be when given proper respect.
0.75 The performances and plot make it worth seeing, and the film presents a valuable opportunity to sample the original while we wait for what will surely be a must-see remake.
0.6 A high tension police drama set in Hong Kong where the operations of both the police and crime syndicates are hobbled by moles within their organizations.
0.75 It offers a fairly fresh variation on a done-to-death genre.
0.6 Even when the film is in danger of getting bogged down in its own complications, the hard-boiled poetry of its images is arresting.
0.75 It overflows with psychological intrigue, something often missing from such offerings.
0.75 A consistently engrossing thriller.
0.875 The movie's engine is the relationships and the characters' inner lives, all of it boiling with emotional intensity.
0.75 It's hard to resist the charismatic teaming of Tony Leung and Andy Lau as a cop and a criminal wearing like hats for cross purposes.
0.75 This is a real grabber.
0.6 It's a cop movie that's constantly trying to convince you it's not just a cop movie
0.875 This is a movie that gets its hooks into you early, and no chance is it letting go.
0.7 Gritty and noirish
0.5 Infernal Affairs could be the syllabus for "The Effects of Michael Mann, Tony Scott, and the American Police Procedural on Asian Cinema."
0.6 It's refreshing enough to make up for its occasional missteps in the storytelling department.
0.9 ... furiously paced, full of drama, and as tense as elevator cable ...
0.875 This stripped-down noir, about a pair of detectives leading undercover lives, signals a new era for Hong Kong filmmaking.
0.8 Hollywood, in its infinite wisdom, figures it can make better American pulp than the French can. As it turns out, Hollywood is right.
0.2 bah. rent the French original
0.6 An okay remake of the better LA FEMME NIKITA. Captures the spirit, but not the intensity.
0.4 Fonda looks great in that little black cocktail dress, but this studio remake robs the terrific original of its soul.
0.4 Bridget looks great, but the film is hackneyed.
0.4 O mais fraco dos recentes filmes de terror ambientados em cavernas, traz atores apenas medianos, um roteiro bobo e um final absolutamente desastroso.
0.5 Nowhere near as good as the first, and lacks the traces of true stupidity that make the latter two fun bad movies.
0.6 Rather redundant, rather biting. What, fish again?! Still, not a bad sequel.
0.2 Roy Scheider is the only redeeming quality of this sequel.
0.8 A vastly underrated sequel with plenty of shocks and nail-biting tension. Not quite up to the original, but still loads of fun.
0.8 Delivers [Nearly] as much as the first
0.2 The first of three crummy sequels unworthy of the original.
0.625 ...Jaws 2 hits a qualitative ceiling due to the joint absence of Steven Spielberg and Academy Award-winning editor Verna Fields.
0.75 the filmmakers did everything they could to breathe new life into the material without forgetting what had made that material work in the first place
0.8 70's Samurai action ... mixes drama and historical relevance with the mostly two-dimensional villains and wholesale slaughter that you'd expect from a good chop-sake' film.
0.8 The final instalment, Deathly Hallows Part 2, is a bravura duel between good and evil. It's also a cathartic, occasionally clunky nostalgiafest.
0.75 Come the conclusion, tears no doubt will be shed, probably by those more devoted than I. Whether they cry because of overwhelming emotion or in mourning an era's end, I'm not sure. Probably both.
0.875 It's a bittersweet end as the final adaptation of the beloved books hits the big screen. Expect tears, both from nostalgia and some truly amazing storytelling.
0.8 For 10 years and eight films we've gotten to watch these young actors grow as people, as performers and as characters. It has been a true coming-of-age saga, in the fullest and most moving sense of the term.
0.75 The most enduring aspect of the Harry Potter films, and the reason this one works, is the acting of its three young leads.
0.6 It certainly went out making its presence felt, but in my opinion, though there were explosions aplenty, a few deaths, and everyone inevitably ended up with who they should, I felt it ended with more of a fizz than a bang.
0.6 The grand finish, if not always inspired, feels necessary. In a sustained, imaginative way, this is the best of any movie series.
0.5 Sadly, though, the finale isn't the spectacle the series really deserves, and I feel fans will gloss over the film's dull points and poor direction in favour of facing the reality that 'the Deathly Hallows Part 2' is an average affair.
0.6 As to the three principals, they've grown up with the Potter saga and have done so reasonably gracefully.
0.875 When the time comes to face Harry's fate, Radcliffe confidently, casually shows how much he's matured as an actor.
0.85 I for one am glad to see Harry Potter come to a close. It was one of the most reliable film franchises ever to go beyond a trilogy, even at its spottiest, and I imagine that an entire generation will look back on it with fond memories.
1.0 Yates strikes a beautiful harmony to make the most of the storytelling and the technology.
0.8 Thankfully, Yates gives us one wonderful final voyage with Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2, a smashing, melancholy, and thoroughly satisfying conclusion to the eight-film saga.
1.0 The seven films to date have earned almost a billion dollars each, so it's obvious their followers are legion. But this is also a series that takes itself seriously, never more so than in this, the deathly finale.
0.875 Radcliffe's interpretation of Harry has been exemplary, truly amazing when you think about it.
1.0 This enthralling film ends the series on a high note, exceeding expectations and delivering a fine conclusion to the films.
0.8 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2 is a bittersweet parting for the Boy Who Lived, an excellent finale for the popular boy wizard who has captured the hearts of so many people.
0.625 Passable, well-acted, but not one of the best films of the series.
0.8 The movie ... manages to be a worthy ending to what has become one of the greatest film franchises ever released.
0.75 Part 2 ends up being a worthy note for this decade-long franchise to go out on with a satisfying conclusion to bid farewell to these enduring characters.
0.875 What truly unifies this ten-year, eight-film saga is the sense of kinship with its lead trio of young wizards.
0.8 Ending the light fantastic
0.8 A wonderfully rich adaptation of the final book's last act, but the central focus on the three leads might leave some fans disappointed, especially those seeking a more thorough adaptation.
0.7 For the most part, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part II picks up right where Part I, the franchise's shining beacon on a hill, leaves off.
0.81 It all ends. And to be sure, it's a fitting end for the storied franchise.
0.625 Fiennes and Rickman get the actorly moments they've been building toward for so long, and the film is most fun when it sticks to mechanics: roller coaster rides, battle scenes, close calls.
0.875 For the most part, the final movie delivers the combination of emotional intensity and rousing battle sequences befitting the end of a phenomenon that evolved from an unexpectedly popular children's book series to an era unto itself.
1.0 While swept up in the desperate search for Horcruxes, Yates allows us to feel once more as though we are very much in the middle of things, but, alas, it was a trick and a false hope, because in the end...it was, irrevocably, THE END.
0.6 This is exactly what you would expect - a perfect and exciting ending for those who have been following the franchise. Those who couldn't care less probably stopped reading ages ago.
0.8 It makes a fitting conclusion to a series that most of the film-going public has been following for over a decade.
0.8 An emotional, have-a-hanky-handy experience for many viewers as characters they've come to know, love and care about make their collective exit.
0.875 Back in the first movie, Mr. Ollivander told a young Harry that we should expect great things from him. With the cinematic conclusion ten years later, he's been proven right.
0.7 The successful run of a franchise such as this is truly a rare feat in Hollywood. Take a bow, folks.
0.9 ...as the ads suggest, it really does all end here for both the genuine and stimulatingly fictitious kids who have grown up dealing with the fulfilling assortment of thrills... horrors, action and laughs so easily generated in the "Potter" movies,
0.8 a very substantial fantasy film, perhaps even beyond the level of one of the LORD OF THE RINGS films. With one major omission the series comes to a satisfying and frequently spectacular conclusion.
0.7 A fitting farewell for all the zillions of Harry Potter fans; not the best HP movie but one of the best.
0.6 ... Yates and company deserve credit for delivering the goods -- generally.
0.75 delivers precisely what most viewers will be looking for: battles, suspense, revelations, and, most importantly, a fitting, emotionally satisfying conclusion that is entirely in keeping with Rowling's novel.
0.875 The series now has the power to deserve comparison to The Lord of the Rings.
0.8 Ralph Fiennes is AWESOME in this movie.
0.8 If these movies have done nothing else, they have shown great skill in playing directly to a target audience, never swaying from that mission, and doing it exceptionally well.
1.0 ... a brilliant finish to the series, an action-packed finale with elements of darkness and beautifully integrated moments of humor and heroism.
0.6 Como cierre de la franquicia seguramente no decepcione a casi nadie. No hace falta ser un gran fanatico para esperar esta culminacion con ansiedad, e incluso para emocionarse.
0.8 This is a massive, tentpole, franchise movie with impeccable good taste -- its most essential, surprising and exhilarating ingredient.
0.9 I think what works best about this final film is how surprisingly moving parts of it are.
0.6 The Harry Potter movies aren't really movies. They're the world's most expensive book illustrations.
0.75 The messianic aspect of Harry's purpose-driven life comes to the fore... making this an action-packed, adventure-laden rewrite of the Easter story...
0.9 This Harry has something the others don't -- the power of goodbye. That helps this film be the best of the series.
0.9 This HP 7.2 makes a great case for lifting the entire third act out of a picture and just making that your sequel.
1.0 The magic isn't over. Far from it.
0.9 For a grand finale to a truly epic, good-natured franchise, this is a perfect goodbye that's very hard to beat.
0.9 Unlike nearly every adaptation Hollywood produces, the Harry Potter films, taken individually or as a whole, are worthy-epically worthy-of their literary source material.
1.0 It's the perfect conclusion to a wonderful, decade-long love affair with Harry Potter.
0.9 The filmmakers thankfully remember that we've journeyed so far with these characters and so they trust that we, the audience, will understand the poignancy and meaning of the events that are unfolding.
0.9 While 'Deathly Hallows: Part 2' brings closure to the sprawling saga, the primary reason to see the film is because it's entertaining.
0.875 With nothing left to tell, the grand finale to the Harry Potter saga holds nothing back.
0.9 One of the best of the eight films Deathly Hallows: Part 2 might indeed require a scorecard for the uninitiated, but for those in the know, it's a more than suitable ending for a decade-long journey that was truly magical.
0.8 begins with a bang and doesn't stop.
0.7 A satisfying roller coaster ride that Harry Potter fans have been waiting for since the beginning.
0.875 Sharply directed and appropriately tear-jerking, imbued with the gravitas of such an epic finale.
0.75 It's a bucket of maraschino cherries and whipped cream after no supper. It's a two-plus hour climax without an ounce of foreplay. A fireworks grand finale without a single sparkler cooling off in Uncle Joe's Pabst can.
0.75 More than ever, Radcliffe is asked to take control of the screen as his boy wizard faces his own demons before finally facing Voldemort, and the talented thespian is up to the task, holding nothing back in an ofttimes ferocious performance.
0.9 "A worthy conclusion to the series, providing numerous worthwhile payoffs to J.K. Rowling's wizard saga."
1.0 A fitting finale and bittersweet good-bye to the boy wizard who is no longer a boy.
0.9 If ever there was a critic-proof film, this is most certainly it - but, pleasingly, it's so good that it doesn't have to be.
0.875 Deathly Hallows - Part 2 is everything a Potter fanatic could want in a franchise capper.
0.75 ... a mostly satisfying coda, with nostalgic 360 return to Hogwarts ... Potter faithful will find a sizable lump in their throats as the music wells and intrepid threesome take their places in carefully staged tableaux.
0.875 Merely translating the events of the novel would have been easy, but Deathly Hallows Part 2 - like all its predecessors - invests the story with a cinematic life all its own.
0.875 The Potter universe, magical as it is, is more grounded in heart and soul than many fictions. You don't read Harry Potter to escape, you read Harry Potter to find your way.
0.7 Not the be-all and end-all of its series, nor of summer blockbusters... Think of it instead as the lingering farewell to a fun ride.
0.875 Thematically, like any good myth, the Harry Potter story comes full circle, with a heroic homecoming and the promise of more adventures, if only in our imaginations.
0.875 Director David Yates and screenwriter Steve Kloves seem to be on the same page in building intensity and flawless execution. This concluding swan song goes out with a bang rather than a whimper. There were no dull spots that dragged the story down like...
0.9 One of the most faithful adaptations of any source material I have seen, in this series or outside of it... If only Hollywood would make more movies like this.
0.5 [It] bungles key moments that have built-in dramatic weight from the book with ordinary staging and a breakneck pace. Many of the movies, including this one, have merely summarized the books rather than actually interpreting them.
0.9 In the end, it's the incredible inventiveness of Rowling's concept that makes it a can't-put-down book series with a not-to-be-missed movie series following closely behind.
0.8 Harry Potter isn't about the wand choosing the wizard; it's about what education should be about: transforming imagination into reality.
0.875 Satisfying
1.0 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2 caps the series with visual panache and emotional punch. It's a fitting finale to an unparalleled cinematic accomplishment.
0.8 Ten years. Eight movies. Evil vanquished. It's done.
0.875 In the 10 years since Harry's first big- screen close-up, the spell has never been broken. And we Muggles have been made better for the magic.
0.9 As they say, all good things must come to an end. But in this instance, you can take solace in knowing the fat lady can belt out one heck of a final note. Thanks for the memories, Harry Potter. We'll miss you.
0.95 Fantastic! Emotional! Its a full blown out war!
1.0 Spectacularly epic, poignant end to a magical series.
0.875 "Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2" ends the series on a triumphant note. It is a memorable and moving conclusion that will leave you wishing for more.
0.875 The film expertly balances physical action and emotional development, loud moments and quiet ones, and it's that balance that makes it such a satisfying and proper finish.
1.0 The greatest Potter film of them all.
0.8 The Potter films have gotten darker, both literally and figuratively, with each installment, and the predominant tones of Deathly Hallows Part 2 are grey and black.
0.8 In Deathly Hallows Part 2 Radcliffe shows us the man Harry's been forced to become. It's a real performance, layered and even moving.
0.8 A fitting final chapter.
0.6 Not that part two of Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows is bad, you understand; it's much better than I expected, given the mediocrity of the series in general and the fizzle of part one in particular.
1.0 This incredibly satisfying and emotionally moving finale is frosted with sprinkles of just about every bit of Harry Potter lore you can think to name.
0.75 It's a solid capper for this monumental series.
0.75 It's so detailed and mature that there's really nothing left for us to do but put down our round spectacles and our wands and return to our far less fascinating Muggle existence.
0.8 There's no doubt about it: Harry Potter ends on a high.
0.8 The finale is a great British triumph, twice as good as its predecessor, highly recommended. A happy ending, as I think it's known.
0.8 There's not much to say about this movie. If you've read the books, you'll go and see it and love it. If you've seen all the other films, you'll go and see it and love it.
0.8 An exciting, appropriately epic and emotionally satisfying finish.
0.9 ...the greatest showdown between good and evil since Luke Skywalker and Darth Vader mixed it up in "Return of the Jedi."
0.875 It's been a rocky road, but this final stop is among the series' best entries.
0.875 End of an extensive journey, hauling a weight of finality that's bittersweet. Still, there's much to celebrate here, with the picture a stirring, magnificent conclusion to a marathon wizarding odyssey.
0.8 An unbelievably satisfying bookend that is not only Yates' finest entry yet, but one of the best films in the series.
0.8 This Potter movie is the greatest, a fantastic end to a monumental series.
0.75 By staying true to the book's themes, fans immersed in Rowling's world will be more than satisfied, and should be advised to bring a tissue.
0.7 It's hard to imagine fans leaving the final Potter film with deep disappointment in this satisfying conclusion.
0.8 So long, Harry. It's been magic.
0.8 Will bring both chills to the skin and tears to the eyes.
0.8 This is pretty much a delight from start to finish that will thrill and touch audiences and leave them wanting more even as it concludes everything in an extremely satisfying and graceful manner.
1.0 The final chapter ends with an epilogue that puts a lump in your throat and makes you want to watch them all again from the beginning. That's the definition of a classic.
1.0 A fitting, shocking, exciting, mind blowing experience even the haters and contrarians will begrudgingly admit is pretty awesome.
0.6 Offers up exciting action set pieces and a rousing finale to the somewhat overlong series.
0.8 Watched as a stand-alone film it's likely to strike newcomers as completely mystifying, but committed and even semi-committed fans will surely welcome it as a worthy climax to the most successful film franchise in history.
0.75 [Ends] the series on an action-packed and character-driven note that works on most levels.
0.6 I can merely pay illiterate, honest homage to the costumes, special effects and set designs, which are all fantastic. And to the actors, hamming and over-egging as if it is All Day Breakfast season on Mount Thespis.
0.8 That both the beloved characters and the film series itself manage to emerge victorious from the fray after over 10 years is truly something to celebrate.
0.8 after ten years, eight films, and close to 20 hours of engaging storytelling, Harry Potter's cinematic saga is finally complete -- and the last act is just as compelling, if not more so, than the first
1.0 The final film has been labeled the 'epic conclusion' and I was elated to discover that it didn't disappoint.
0.75 It works its own kind of magic, the kind that comes from a great story, well told.
1.0 This is a terrific, smartly designed adolescent adventure, visually rich, narratively satisfying, and bound to resonate for years to come.
0.7 Part 2 is never not good, but that's small comfort when anticipating greatness.
0.8 Less committed filmgoers probably won't be quite as enthused -- Potter has long been a franchise constructed to please readers of the books first -- but should be sufficiently entertained nonetheless.
0.8 The final installment of Harry Potter's journey into spiritual maturity as a selfless magician who is willing to sacrifice himself for others.
0.8 It hardly matters that Deathly Hallows Part 2 is neither the best film of the series, nor the perfect conclusion to it. It's what it represents that's significant. And that's the end of an era.
1.0 A dazzling, stirring capper to a once-in-a-generation movie franchise.
0.9 Harry Potter's epic journey ends with power and majesty. For 10 years, we've waded through oceans of exposition and endured ever-burgeoning layers of new characters and mythology to absorb. All building to: This.
0.6 How do you compete with young Harry, young Ron, and young Hermione? You can't. They're ones of a kind. Good night sweet princes and princess.
1.0 The technical wizardry on display is perfectly crafted and fires the imagination like never before.
0.8 The eight-part saga comes to a close with an action-packed finale that neatly ties up the strands of the whole series and also manages to give its actors some meaty scenes to play with.
0.9 Everything comes together; the Chamber of Secrets, the basilisk venom, Parseltongue, polyjuice potion, the castle ghosts... there's no fat here.
0.8 So the wait was worth it. The eighth film of the seven-book series sees Harry Potter finally waving a wand in anger at his nemesis Lord Voldemort, and is not a disappointment.
0.875 Ten years and eight films after the boy wand-twirler's cinematic adventures began, the saga resolves in ways suspenseful, romantic and thrilling.
0.875 Exactly what it needs to be: artfully filmed, tautly paced, just sentimental enough.
0.8 As a standalone film, it delivers intense and engaging action. Though, I couldn't help but feel a bit underwhelmed by the final battle sequence we have waited ten years to see.
1.0 A truly magical finale.
0.875 The best was saved for last.
0.875 It has been extraordinarily fun, and now the decade-long saga has reached its grand finale. The best has been saved for the last.
1.0 The continuous flow of the two movies will hopefully be molded into a single 4-hour plus experience on Blu-ray (where Eduardo Serra's cinematography will really pop) and solidify its place as one of the best final chapters of any movie franchise ever.
0.8 David Yates and his crew have hauled Harry Potter and friends out of the vale of depression where they languished during the previous film and pitched them into an exhilarating series of cliffhangers.
0.75 With its heartening final note of hope and renewal, Deathly Hallows -- Part 2 provides an altogether fitting finale to a series that has prized the fans above all.
1.0 Well done, Harry! You've saved the best for last.
1.0 Tears are shed for the lost, cheers are raised for the (often unexpectedly) brave and noble, and, in the movie's final moments, there is a sense of satisfaction and fulfillment rarely achieved in filmmaking.
0.875 It's virtually non-stop action, though director David Yates, who has taken good care of these final four, ever-meaner Potter adventures, does a very crafty thing, following adapter Steve Kloves' screenplay.
0.875 This movie is impressively staged, the dialogue is given proper weight and not hurried through, there are surprises which, in hindsight, seem fair enough, and "Harry Potter" now possesses an end that befits the most profitable series in movie history.
1.0 A finale that's as moving, spectacular and engaging for both die-hards and casual fans alike.
1.0 Director David Yates has finally found an ideal combination of exposition and emotion in his fourth consecutive Potter project. Writer Steve Kloves... neither wastes a word nor leaves out any essentials.
1.0 This is a masterful and worthy final chapter in one of the best franchises ever put to film.
0.8 J.K. Rowling's boy wizard gets a spectacular, yet not entirely satisfying finale.
0.875 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows, Part 2 puts a triumphant capper on a decade of Pottermania.
0.875 It's almost impossible for the convergence of good and evil to meet inflated expectations. What matters here is that the story is told clearly and with faithfulness to the book, and that it resolves a conflict that has simmered for a decade.
0.9 Director David Yates and screenwriter Steve Kloves guide the story to a graceful and satisfying end. The movie's final moments are the equivalent of the half-jubilant, half-mournful thrill you get when you close the cover of a book you've savored.
0.875 A satisfying wrap-up of the series, with an especially effective performance by Alan Rickman.
0.875 Some will complain that the film doesn't explain anything, blithely assuming you've read the books, and simply plows ahead. Good.
0.875 The movie puts a spell on you.
0.8 Ao longo de uma decada, a serie Harry Potter transportou criancas de 5 a 90 anos de idade em uma viagem intensa, imaginativa, envolvente, tocante, divertida, inteligente e deliciosa.
0.8 Even if you're not a big fan of the series, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows - Part 2 a mixture of solid storytelling and excellent craftsmanship make it--maybe not a new bar for adventure filmmaking--but a worthy entry and conclusion.
1.0 What a way to go out.
0.8 Pretty much an open goal given the inevitable payoff that concluding a story some seven films in the making was always going to bring, director David Yates though has helmed a very impressive film, and the best of the whole series.
0.75 ...good enough, which is a succinct way of describing the eight-movie franchise as a whole.
0.5 Epic battle? Please. Director David Yates moves at only two speeds: Super-charged yet not impactful and labored, faux-majestic stillness.
0.875 A fitting, expertly made final chapter, freighted with hard-won emotions, shot through with a sense of farewell, and fully aware of the epic stakes involved.
0.875 Be sure to arrive at your seat with plenty of popcorn -- and tissues. You're going to need both.
0.75 What fun to feel like a kid again. I had a marvelous time.
0.7 Casual fans of the film series will find this final outing extremely satisfying while the more serious fans are going to absolutely love it.
0.75 If you don't know what a Horcrux is, then you're at the wrong movie.
0.7 One of the saga's richest in character development installments, nicely rounds up the story without straying from its first half's tone and look, other than the uneventful and at times problematic use of 3D
0.75 Radcliffe's Potter is an abominable creation, capturing the dogged determination of Jason Voorhees, ability to infiltrate the hero's mind of Freddie Krueger and penchant for casual animal cruelty of Dora the Explorer.
0.875 Every bit as rewarding - and flawed - as its source material, this final installment of the Harry Potter series is pure movie magic.
1.0 The final Harry Potter movie, above all others, supplies Radcliffe with the gravitas of not just an epic story come to completion, but some real dramatic heft. Not so bad for a Hogwarts dropout.
1.0 Part II gets everything right to send off Harry on a cinematic high.
0.875 We'll miss you, Harry. But oh, what a way to go out.
1.0 The fast-paced, spectacular conclusion ties the final knot in the narrative thread of this spellbinding series.
0.8 It may not contain many of the series' most comic, surprising or quotable moments, but it does succeed in bidding adieu in fine fashion to some of this century's most popular fictional characters.
0.8 While it's unfolding, this is just terrific fun: eye-scorching, ear-battering, heart-pounding cinema of pure spectacle.
0.8 It's with a heavy heart that we say good-bye to Harry Potter, but in crafting what may well be the best blockbuster of the season, the boy wizard has gone out with a suitably spellbinding bang, and one that will leave a lasting impression on cinemagoers.
0.8 It's wonderful. Epic and heartbreaking and just as grand as it needs to be.
0.7 The film's subdued dramatic finale - resonant as it is with themes of sacrifice, the responsibilities of power, friendship, hard-won wisdom - easily ranks as one of the most memorable and moving in recent franchise movie history.
0.8 It's a great sense of hope and affection that you're left with in the end, regardless of J.K. Rowling's recent hints of an eight book on the cards ... As for the 3D, it adds very little
1.0 Everything a summer blockbuster should be but rarely is - a whip-smart, slam-bang piece of entertainment where we deeply care about the fate of the central characters (and many subsidiary ones who return for their last bows).
0.8 With shifting loyalties, unlikely heroes, truths revealed and a little help from friends, "Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2" winds the series up in a most-satisfying fashion.
0.9 Represents big budget filmmaking at its finest and long-form storytelling at its most emotionally rewarding.
0.9 A triumphant, spell-binding finale for the Hogwarts wizards.
0.8 Harry is, and always was, The Boy Who Lived, and these books and films were about him coming to terms with the enormous obligations of that title, and realising that the burden of life is carried by all.
0.8 In the end the thing works like, well, magic...
0.9 An abbreviated, yet exhilarating finale that is equally satisfying as it is bittersweet.
0.95 To say they've saved the best for last would be an understatement. It's a finale that's truly magical in every way, and easily the best Harry Potter movie yet.
0.8 Deathly Hallows Part 2 isn't just a proper sendoff, but maybe the best argument for adapting these books to film in the first place.
1.0 A fitting capstone on a fabled film franchise for the ages!
0.875 While "Deathly Hallows: Part 2" offers long-promised answers, it also dares to pose some eternal questions, and it'll stay with you after the final chapter has closed.
0.8 Delivers the action-packed finale fans have been hoping for and the required emotional kick, even if it can't quite convincingly pull off the various romantic couplings.
0.8 Set pieces so spectacular you'll sit in awe at what the British film industry can achieve these days
0.8 Bear with the slow start and what you get in this bookending instalment's latter two acts is more pathos, exhilaration, and sheer entertainment value than anything else in the entire eight-film, ten-year saga. Potter has certainly saved the best for last.
0.8 Love, loss, courage, hope and humour -- Deathly Hallows offers them all in what proves a worthy finale to the Potter saga.
0.8 It's Harry Potter as a full-tilt action picture, yet unlike the mind-numbing action of Transformers, here you feel totally invested in the protagonists' plight.
0.8 A worthy farewell that packs in as much action as its seven predecessors combined and manages not to stint on the emotional beats. Harry Potter leaves us as a quiet, bespectacled, corduroy-wearing hero for the ages.
0.8 All too soon, in the words of the tagline, 'It All Ends'. Spectacularly. Emotionally. And Wanderfully.
0.8 Of course, if the films haven't won you over by this point, this one is unlikely to make you a convert, but for the millions of fans who've grown up with Potter, it's good enough to make saying goodbye a tougher proposition.
0.8 It's a rare film that manages to be both spectacular and sweet.
0.8 Fusing spectacle and emotion into a thrilling final chapter, director David Yates ensures that the series goes out with a bang. Finales don't come much grander than this.
0.8 This is such an entertaining, beguiling, charming and exciting picture. It reminded me of the thrill I felt on seeing the very first one, 10 years ago.
0.8 The entire series of Potter books and motion pictures has been leading us to this final showdown between Harry and Voldemort. It could easily have been a letdown. But the fight here between good and evil is more than satisfying. It's thrilling.
0.8 You need a deep grounding in Potter-lore to make the slightest bit of sense out of it, but that won't be a problem for most people who see this film.
0.7 These elements come together to form a movie that is clinically ironic but also unique, inspired, and quite sublime.
1.0 This minimalist, digital-video-shot film has its own cinematic flash and thunder, and does things only movies can do.
0.25 After about an hour, the novelty wears off, and you're aching to see an actual animal and real shrubs. After two hours, you feel disappointed when you realize that this wouldn't even make a good play. After three hours, it's downright infuriating.
1.0 Bold stylistic decisions reinforce the themes of the narrative, while a strong story and convincing performances prove equal to the task of carrying such an extended running time.
0.8 'Rich with meaning or a sublime prank, Dogville gets to you.'
0.875 [Von Trier] portrays intense evil to make us wonder at the resilience and generosity of Grace, that 'alabaster' saint who exemplifies her name ... to a point.
0.3 never manages to be more than a belabored shaggy dog story
0.75 aesthetically sparse and thematically audacious, the searing work of a genuine provocateur
0.9 A masterpiece.
0.5 Fails to meet the expectations of its own conceit.
1.0 It's the best stage play you've ever attended, and you feel as if you're right in the middle of it.
0.4 Fascinating for a while but, in the end, just sleep-inducing.
0.5 Says everything it wants to say early on, but then repeats it all endlessly.
0.5 Von Trier aims to hold a mirror up to America's mistreatment of its own people -- but he ends up revealing more about his own abhorrence for the people watching his movies.
0.75 You get the feeling that von Trier, up on his soapbox, couldn't find it in his heart to make some necessary cuts. He should have thrown his ego to the dogs.
1.0 It's a tough sit through tough questions.
0.8 ...an experience that's both grueling and, in its way, glorious.
0.625 Lars von Trier is probably a genius. This doesn't stop him from being a jerk.
0.75 This examination of selfishness, xenophobia and the human ability to rationalize acts of horror may have audience members squirming not with outrage but recognition...
0.625 Exasperating and nearly three-hour blend of stagecraft and sermonizing.
0.6 You can loathe Dogville because it represents the basest ideas of human greed and cruelty, but you can't deny that it makes those ideas feel frighteningly real.
0.875 Dogville is irrevocably a movie of our times.
1.0 Singular and unforgettable -- the work of a brilliant crackpot.
0.75 Kidman, in a performance as emotionally stark as any she's ever given, makes Grace's journey achingly real, even though everything around her is deliberately artificial.
1.0 The daring, artistic brilliance of Dogville far outshines any negative interpretation we may have of the work. It's to be praised for inspiring varying interpretations and generating debate.
1.0 You don't so much enjoy watching it as you simply appreciate the genius that went into its creation.
0.6 Von Trier's vision is amazingly thorough and exquisitely executed, but the audience may feel executed as well.
0.9 A beautifully written, filmed and acted movie.
0.25 Dogville is most depressing because Trier promises two more, for his American trilogy. Lars, enough already.
0.5 A punishing film to sit through, and its rewards may well depend on how much credit you wish to give von Trier for doing something different. Because, for better or worse, Dogville is unlike anything else you'll see on screens this year.
1.0 Nearly as powerful as Von Trier's Dancer in the Dark.
0.875 Dogville is no different from von Trier's earlier parables of vulnerability and brutality. And like those works, it is the staggering, infuriating work of a visionary filmmaker.
0.75 von Trier sustains his film through nearly three hours with consummate artistry, before suddenly going one step too far with his controversial closing credits.
0.75 Has more emotional distance than Breaking the Waves or Dancer in the Dark
0.875 Sarcastic humor, inventive staging and a brutal story combine to give Dogville the force of a bonfire, incendiary and beautiful.
1.0 Dogville is a love-it-or- hate-it experience, but one that will fill a large space in any viewer's imagination.
0.875 Sure it's anti-American but it's also anti-Hollywood and that makes Dogville edgy, thought-provoking, and daringly original.
0.6 A novel curiosity by a pretentious talent creating symbolic characters that defy credibility, but Kidman's range of collaborative flexibility is a thing of beauty.
0.875 Unapologetically cynical, miraculously imaginative, and sumptuously beautiful, Dogville is a thought-provoking time at the movies.
0.875 Dogville is another round of brazen disrespect from cinema's baddest boy. But the movie, despite its ultimate nuttiness, has a quiet, consuming power that sneaks up on you and doesn't go away.
0.5 Philosophy and politics aside, von Trier has forgotten to make a movie worth watching, create a single sympathetic character or write dialogue that isn't prattle.
1.0 This is a seriously important film and a huge achievement.
0.5 Dogville can be defended and even praised on pure ideological grounds, but most moviegoers, even those who are sophisticated and have open minds, are going to find it a very dry and unsatisfactory slog through conceits masquerading as ideas.
0.875 Imagine if Jesus Christ came to die for our sins only to discover we weren't worth the trouble.
0.75 A tenacious, brutal drama that dares you to turn your back.
0.5 Life is too short for three hours of misanthropy and misogyny.
0.75 Though certainly a failure in some respects, Dogville may be the most fascinating, richly accomplished screw-up you'll see all year.
0.7 As the core character, Kidman delivers a restraint performance, undercutting the script's didacticism and literal mindedness.
0.75 Dogville isn't for everyone, but there's some intellectually stimulating conversation fodder for those with the patience to navigate the film's rough terrain.
0.4 Pretentious, conceited, and terribly longwinded, Lars von Trier's Dogville is unappealing and horribly depressing.
0.8 Brutally masterful allegory.
0.4 I hate it, yet I'm fascinated by the magnitude of the ambition and the failure to realize it.
0.0 ... an experimental film that went as badly as one of my high school chemistry labs.
1.0 Who but von Trier could make such a film? Who else would dare?
0.7 Chapter 10, in which we realize we just sat watching a movie for 3 hours that's a little pretentious but didn't really mind - that says something.
1.0 It stalks silently, stark with its minimalism at first, and then pounces unexpectedly with an overwhelming wash of emotion like a rabid animal, with sharp piercing teeth.
1.0 Shocks, galvanizes, and exhilarates.
0.5 A satanic "Our Town."
0.7 This brilliantly acted film is a highly stylized, surprisingly successful experiment that sits somewhere between theater and cinema.
0.875 A stunning display of a filmmaker adventuring on the far side of what's possible.
0.75 Brilliant and infuriating, wise and naive, outrageous yet unforgettable.
0.2 The story's length, lack of sets, music, or a focused story combine to make one of the most excruciatingly dull cinematic experiences I can remember.
1.0 What starts out as distracting works to bring us in closer to what we should be concentrating on: the passion of Nicole Kidman's tragic heroine, and what her suffering says about the hope of all mankind.
1.0 A simple tale, told so well while being so revealing. There are many reasons why it shouldn't work, but because it does, it feels magical.
0.75 Darkly funny, intellectually challenging and obliquely didactic.
1.0 Challenging, dramatic, provocative.
0.875 Von Trier, light years from the formula doggerel at the multiplex, delivers something rare these days: a film of ideas.
0.6 While you watch the movie, it can seem ridiculously long-winded. But once it's over, its characters' miserable faces remain etched in your memory, and its cynical message lingers.
1.0 An audaciously original feat of allegorical story.telling, one of those visionary achievements that stirs moviegoers into a fury and goes on to define a decade.
1.0 Movie pop art is enjoying a renaissance, of which Lars von Trier's savagely cathartic Dogville is the consummate centerpiece
0.5 Lars von Trier's peculiar compulsion to humiliate his heroines has finally crescendoed to a deafening din of indiscriminate, exasperating martyrdom.
0.25 Running a painfully long three hours, Dogville is pretentious with a capital 'P.'
0.4 ...engages us on [a] gut level, and asks us to shut off our minds in the meanwhile.
1.0 It really is a masterpiece-von Trier's first, as it happens.
0.3 Don't waste your money on this one.
0.94 As deeply insightful as it is deeply disturbing, Dogville will challenge you both intellectually and emotionally. The first great film of '04.
0.8 Daunting, non-naturalistic and bold.
0.875 Utterly engrossing.
0.8 with von Trier holding the leash this moral fable of bordertown corruption and biblical vengeance manages to grip the viewer with its ferocious bite.
1.0 Maddening, challenging and audacious, Dogville is an unlikely masterpiece.
0.8 For all the ideas being examined, it works as a compelling drama too, and the acting is excellent.
1.0 Nao deixe de assistir a esta obra-prima. Nao e sempre que o Cinema produz algo assim.
1.0 Uncompromising filmmaking that's both artistic and powerfully entertaining.
1.0 Without a doubt one of the most brilliant films I have had the chance to experience.
0.92 A brilliant tale of intellectual awakening.
1.0 Make of the provocation what you will, but don't miss this completely unique and extraordinary movie by one of the world's most adventurous directors on top of his game.
0.9 An innovatively staged parable about a fear-based American community in the 1930s who demonstrate greed, hatred and small-mindedness in their treatment of a stranger.
0.6 Going from a story as fanciful as Dancer in the Dark to the stripped setting of Dogville is certainly bold, it's too bad the reward is so anti-climactic
0.7 Savage and compelling, even if von Trier's political ends (this being the first in a proposed trilogy about America) are too murky and caustic for the film to seem fully realized.
0.5 ...[an] overlong running time (three hours!) and inexplicably odd behavior among characters does the film in.
0.75 Dogville is not a cry of rage against America -- it's a cry of rage against all mankind. It demands to be seen but not to be loved.
1.0 This acerbic "illustration" of a small town's curious notions of entitlement unspools as a Christian allegory by way of Mark Twain or Dr. Seuss.
0.9 It's precisely [this] arrogance that makes von Trier such a dynamic force in modern filmmaking.
0.0 Here's a 'Christian movie' that's an embarrassment to a genre that doesn't exactly have a reputation for producing great art.
0.5 The first half of The Visitation moves slowly and surely, building an appropriate level of edgy suspense before disintegrating into standard horror-flick cliches.
0.5 You could rent it for the religion, the kooky cast, or for the B-movie fun of it.
0.4 Strange, disjointed; full of sex and violence.
0.875 It's pensive male anxiety, and for some cultural reason it's easier for audiences to accept female hysteria than the insecurities of men.
0.8 Mesmerizing yet cold and remote -- an exotic fish we can't touch.
0.8 Ambicioso do ponto de vista narrativo e fotografado de forma sombriamente evocativa, o filme merece creditos por acreditar na inteligencia do espectador, mas acaba parecendo um exercicio para o superior Cidade dos Sonhos.
0.875 Director David Lynch, the master of creepiness, is back with a femme fatale film that's sinister, disquieting and deliberately obscure.
0.2 Too weird, even for David Lynch
1.0 The Man With No Eyebrows will go down in my books as the single greatest fictitious creation of all time.
0.6 Best on the big screen for the full effect. Consume alcohol afterwards.
0.625 Visually arresting, the movie does keep you going until the finale confirms suspicions that Lynch has painted himself into a corner.
0.5 Lynch's bizarre, dream-like approach is as fascinating as ever... and every bit as frustrating as well.
0.75 When the cast and their director are really cooking, they conjure a bipolar sense of high school-age emotion -- and use it to fuel outrageous fantasy.
0.8 Spider-Man is an effortless, intelligent entertainment, and a fabulous, fun-filled start to the hugely lucrative franchise.
0.8 Full of swinging action but finding plenty of time to explore the people behind the masks, Spider-Man is a franchise with real legs. At last, a blockbuster that lives up to the hype.
0.9 Captures the high-energy, pulpy effervescence of Marvel when it was young and feisty... whatever imperfections the film picks up along the way, they practically demand to be hand-waved aside.
0.8 It's got all that you'd want from superhero movie and more. A truly enjoyable film.
0.8 Fun movie, but may be too intense for younger kids.
0.8 Spider-Man is funny, poignant and true to form with Tobey Maguire and company fleshing out the famed comic-book characters with aplomb.
0.875 Finally, a fully faithful adaptation to a comic book icon, save for some bumps along the road. It's a fun movie.
0.7 A vibrant piece of pop entertainment that serves as the perfect start to the summer season.
0.8 An adaptation of the Marvel Comics superhero adventures that effectively takes time between exhilarating digital effects to develop character and motivation.
1.0 Colourful, energetic and well-cast, Spider-Man is a good-quality, highly-entertaining action movie.
0.875 Spider-man flows as smoothly from scene to scene, catching the audience in its charming web and setting us up for a sequel which, for once, will be welcome.
0.8 Practically pitch-perfect summer entertainment.
0.875 At its best, it's action packed fantasy, grounded in reality by a talented cast who pack a real emotional wallop. At its worst, it's over the top, and more than a little sappy.
0.75 Director Sam Raimi was right. Tobey Maguire was the right choice for Spider-Man.
0.875 cool
0.6 Will have any 12-year-old trying to perfect that trick of hoisting themselves up between walls using their legs.
1.0 The final sequence . . . will have you leaving the theater feeling both dizzy and giddy, and looking up at the top of the nearest building wishing you could shoot a web at it.
0.5 This is not a good movie, but a mediocre means of passing a few hours. It is a classic example of money and special effects diluting artistic vision and talent.
0.75 Weak visual effects, but the film is at least entertaining otherwise.
0.8 Screenwriter Koepp...successfully adapts his writing style to that of pulp comics, and director Raimi follows suit with the film's colorful and fantastic look.
0.6 For all its faults, Spider-Man is a good film, and you'll probably have a good time watching it.
0.9 Sam Raimi a reussi un tour de force: l'adaptation de bande dessinee la plus fidele a voir le jour au grand ecran.
1.0 Sam Raimi and Tobey Maguire bring a hero to cinematic life with a fun, fast, action-packed blockbuster.
1.0 Terrifically entertaining blockbuster that, for once, gets everything right.
1.0 The movie swings, literally, with physical and emotional energy for all of its two hours.
0.75 Very few liberties are taken with the story, and the ones that are (such as Spidey's webbing ability envisioned as a genetic mutation) seem like improvements.
0.7 Thankfully, director Sam Raimi knows a little bit about exposing the cool in something that is irrevocably cheesy.
0.75 It's got appealing performers as the leads.
0.75 Si el siglo XXI necesita de heroes, el Hombre Arana parece haber llegado para quedarse.
0.875 Sam Raimi has created a picture so likable and true to the Marvel comic book that comparisons with the first Superman movie are inevitable.
1.0 Raimi and his team couldn't have done any better in bringing the story of Spider-Man to the big screen.
0.78 An accomplishment of co-belligerence. That is to say, the unnatural alliance of pyrotechnics and honest emotional catharsis team up to create quality entertainment... Alas, it's an entertainment that is not complete in its uprising.
0.85 A piece of vintage cinematic entertainment with a post-modernist twist
0.8 A wonderful surprise - a superhero action movie almost everyone can enjoy.
0.75 Enthralling, exciting, exhilarating.
0.9 They don't make action-adventure movies better than the often spectacular "Spider-Man," the most exciting film re-creation of a superhero since Christopher Reeve donned a red cape and blue tights in "Superman."
0.6 This is entertaining stuff, and Sam Raimi has spun a good yarn for the summer.
1.0 A review threatens to turn into a session of gushing because the film is that type of experience; watching it, I kept wanting to applaud.
1.0 Someday rational thought will return and I will realize "Spider-Man" does not rank among the milestones of cinema. But someday is not today. Today "Spider-Man" may as well be "Lawrence of Arabia," so delirious has it made this longtime fan.
0.875 a deeply human and often moving character story in addition to a rousing action-adventure fantasy
0.75 While director Sam Raimi's surefooted adaptation doesn't quite reach the upper echelon of superhero flicks, it mostly gets everything right.
0.8 A stylish, exciting, and ingenious thrill-ride.
0.75 ... Raimi delivers a first-rate entertainment for the summer crowd, slick as an extra-large popcorn with butter - and about as substantial - when he has all the ingredients for a truly exhilarating experience with a life beyond the multiplex.
0.9 Cuarenta anos de lectores y fans emergen detras de esta superproduccion y ninguno de ellos queda defraudado. La cinta es desde su estreno, un fenomeno mundial.
0.8 Putting a comic book geek in charge of your Marvel franchise proves to be a very good thing.
0.7 The comic book movie has developed its own cinematic language, Spider-Man possibly blooming into a series worthy of a rack in The Android's Dungeon.
0.3 The action is too repetitive (how many different ways can you swing between buildings). Spider-man just doesn't have enough tricks up his sleeves to sustain a two-hour movie.
0.75 ...one of the most exhilarating (and silly) screen adventures ever to be inspired by the pages of a Marvel comic.
0.75 "Spider-man is better than any summer blockbuster we had to endure last summer, and hopefully, sets the tone for a summer of good stuff. If you're a comic fan, you can't miss it. If you're not, you'll still have a good time."
0.8 Como nao simpatizar com um super-heroi que vai de onibus para o trabalho?
0.9 Raimi gives this unapologetic fluff a mind, a heart and a keen sense of fun.
0.75 Though not perfect, Spiderman is the most satisfying movie from a cartoon that anyone could hope for.
0.8 It has everything you'd really want in a popcorn movie: humor, action, romance, and a really hot redhead!!!
0.7 Fun and nimble.
0.7 Effectively brings to the screen an unforgettable superhero that swings back into contemporary times.
0.7 This is perhaps the most spot-on film adaptation of a comic book superhero yet.
1.0 Parents will thrill to see a childhood hero in a full live-action adventure, while a whole new generation gets their first taste of a hero too cool to ever go out of style.
0.9 Toes the fine line between cheese and earnestness remarkably well; everything is delivered with such conviction that it's hard not to be carried away.
0.6 The film actually is excellent for the first two thirds.
1.0 Majestic entertainment, brought to life by a creative team that deserves a mountain of accolades for making, at least, the second best comic book adaptation in cinema history.
0.9 A top-notch movie...the epitome of an outstanding summer blockbuster.
0.75 You can tell the movie was made by people who enjoy the source material and have no fear of making it known.
0.875 Was it worth the wait? Absolutely.
0.7 More fun than I was expecting.
0.875 The movie shoots for, and usually achieves a sense of giddy exuberance, but it comes at the cost of suspense.
0.75 A weightless good time from the great Raimi, but it lacks a truly memorable villain to make it truly fly.
0.75 Spider-Man is best described as an origin film, laying the foundation for future sequels.
0.875 Do I smell franchise? Who doesn't?
0.75 Peter Parker pick of a pack of pulp protagonists
1.0 A tightly woven web of fun.
0.5 This captures neither the letter nor the spirit of the Spider-Man of comic book and cartoon fame
0.6 Raimi does know his genre.
0.5 Tobey Maguire is one of the only decent things about the film, and he is hampered by a completely and wholeheartedly adequate script.
0.875 A dazzling show-stopper that...is better than any of the Batman movies ever were.
0.875 ... the most faithful 4-color to film adaptation to date. And yes, it's amazing.
0.75 This is a pure popcorn movie -- the kind of film one can unabashedly enjoy for what it is.
0.78 Despite its many action scenes and should-have-been tense moments, the film packs very little excitement.
0.875 Not only does Spider-Man deliver, but I suspect it might deliver again and again.
1.0 The very best slam-bang, gee-whiz comic-book movie ever made.
0.5 It wasn't a terrible movie. Ah, but what went wrong? The filmmakers did not trust their audience.
0.875 Director Sam Raimi gives Marvel Comics' wall-crawling hero the cinematic treatment he has always deserved.
0.2 Leave this overblown Saturday Morning Cartoon where it belongs ... in the clearance bin at your local comic book store.
0.8 With disarmingly entertaining movies like this, dare I say, who needs big bad superhero movies?
0.9 An exuberance, a celebration, a hoot, a kick and a half.
0.8 A blockbuster with a heart and a brain.
0.75 In this age of soulless, FX-driven action franchises Raimi anachronistically emphasizes character development.
0.875 A movie that both thrills the eye and, in its over-the-top way, touches the heart.
0.65 Fun, but not in the same league as Superman.
0.5 The superhero part of the movie will leave audiences with a flat feeling.
0.75 High-crafted and amusing.
1.0 A model of what films like this should be like.
0.8 A cool comic-book movie with enough thrills for any kid and a haunting emotional depth missing in such predecessors as X-Men or any of the Batman films.
0.75 Raimi's effort is fun, funny, and filled with spectacular effects -- and about as good an imagining of Stan Lee and Steve Ditko's web-slinging classic as one could expect.
0.8 This may not be the best four-color adventure ever lensed, but it's the most affectionate and faithful to its source.
0.75 It's still a comic book, but Maguire makes it a comic book with soul.
0.9 My spider sense says Spider-Man will be a deserving blockbuster hit.
0.8 A whiz-bang, action-packed fantasy with a genuine love story at its core.
0.7 An easy, breezy and pleasantly uncheesy spin through the universe of Marvel Comics' beloved wall-crawling web-head.
1.0 A flat-out fun film.
0.75 Exciting as it is tender and romantic, Raimi's Spider-Man looks like a movie that will please not only the Spider-Man converted but also the viewer who just wanders in.
0.875 The most 'fun' comic-book movie since the first two Superman films.
0.625 Plays like a sensitive 1980s-era John Hughes teen film ... interrupted by really tawdry special effects and hammy appearances by a cartoonish villain played by Willem Dafoe.
0.625 Feels like a bland, watered-down product of a corporate vision, designed primarily to be the safe, sadly responsible start of a summer movie franchise.
1.0 Well-acted, funny and exciting, Spider-Man is on par with the first Batman.
0.75 Raimi crafted a complicated hero who is a welcome relief from the usual two-dimensional offerings.
0.875 Raimi's film is actually closer in spirit to a coming-of-age story like "Almost Famous" than to a flashy noisy mess like "Batman and Robin".
0.625 The origin story is well told, and the characters will not disappoint anyone who values the original comic books. It's in the action scenes that things fall apart.
1.0 Finally an awesome super hereo comic book adaptation worth all your bubblegum money!
0.75 A surprisingly charming and even witty match for the best of Hollywood's comic-book adaptations.
0.875 This is a rare twisted crowd-pleaser for longtime fans as well as novices -- or for those that don't know an arachnid from an insect.
0.75 To its credit focuses mainly on the warm-hearted human tale of the innocent superhero in a hard world, rather than on visual dazzle.
0.875 Spider-Man is about growing strange hairs, getting a more mature body, and finding it necessary to hide new secretions from the parental units.
0.8 My Spidey sense says that Raimi will finally hit the A-list, Maguire will get some new respect, and this film is gonna make a whole lot of money.
0.7 This fast-paced entertainment is a surprisingly successful mix of spectacle and human-scale drama.
0.8 Raimi and writer David Koepp never lose the lighthearted comic-book sensibility.
0.75 This long-awaited screen adaptation of the Marvel super hero does not disappoint.
0.9 Raimi is one of the best filmmakers out there, especially when it comes to making dark, comic-booky stuff.
0.7 Though [Raimi's] Spider-Man marks time more than it needs to and is no more than sporadically exhilarating, it does enough things right to be a solid comic-book citizen.
0.7 The filmmakers have succeeded in rejuvenating the character while staying faithful to his roots.
0.75 [Raimi's] passion for his source material is evident in every frame of this big, light, endearingly square movie.
0.875 A big-budget fantasy film with exceptional acting and special effects.
0.5 I'll sum up my reaction in a word: Yawn.
0.75 Good show, Spidey: We knew you had it in you.
0.75 It's good fun that engages our heart.
0.75 Webmasterful. That's Tobey Maguire as angsty nerd Peter Parker and his arachnid alter ego Spider-Man.
0.8 A yarn that respects the Marvel version without becoming ensnared by it.
0.75 A good movie that would be a better one if it were 15 minutes shorter, and a great movie if it were a half-hour shorter.
0.875 That rare thing, an event movie that leaves you feeling chipper, entertained and sated rather than ripped-off.
0.875 Sam Raimi has set the bar unusually high for the rest of the summer film season with this exciting and exhilarating adventure.
0.625 ...with the candy-like taste of it fading faster than 25-cent bubble gum, I realized this is a throwaway movie that won't stand the test of time. It's a trifle.
0.75 So is Spider-Man worthy of its massive hype? Not really, but it is a solidly entertaining popcorn flick.
0.75 Spinning a web of dazzling entertainment may be overstating it, but "Spider-Man" certainly delivers the goods.
0.75 Raimi does right by Stan Lee and Steve Ditko's original creation via an old-fashioned comic book aesthetic.
0.75 Watch Tobey Maguire turn the Big Apple criminals into arachnophobes!
0.75 A strong first act and absolutely, inescapably gorgeous, skyscraper-trapeze motion of the amazing Spider-Man.
0.9 A wonderful moviegoing experience for people who love the comic and those who have no idea what 'Excelsior!' means.
0.8 If you're looking for an all-around good time at the movies, grab a friend, grab some popcorn...and see this movie!!
0.6 About as good as can be expected for an introductory superhero movie, but it would have been nice if it was better than expected.
1.0 A perfect summer popcorn movie with lots of great effects, enough action, plenty of laughs, lots of romance and a great deal of heart.
0.2 The almost total absence of anything that actually looks like a narrative is one of Left Behind's issues, but it's not, honestly, one of the biggest.
0.6 Mix of apocalyptic book series and the Bible.
0.4 These folks get eternity in heaven, while I'm stuck here watching the Left Behind trilogy. I'm calling my rabbi.
0.4 Atuacoes ridiculas em um filme absurdo.
0.0 Whoa.
0.0 The loosely scripted story is further burdened with clunky dialogue and performances, shoddy continuity, and, well, Kirk Cameron.
0.2 We're asked to buy Kirk Cameron as a hardcore journalist covering an international crisis in the Middle East?
0.125 The only thing "Left Behind" made me want to do was pray that it would soon be over.
0.5 Neither as bad you might fear nor as good as you might hope.
0.6 This picture's b-movie values probably play better on video than in theaters.
0.25 An exceedingly poorly made motion picture.
0.3 For all its intimations of fire and brimstone, the film isn't remotely frightening, and the high-school-level acting doesn't help.
0.66 Solid, unexceptional mix of thrills and human drama.
0.1 Whatever the central message, the movie's still a blundering cringefest, thanks to unintentionally laughable dialogue, hackneyed writing and uninspired direction.
0.6 The movie's script, acting, and production values are not up to the standards of mainstream Hollywood theatrical productions, but it is filmed with a lot of sincerity.
0.83 ...while all the admittedly well-wrought details engage us on an intellectual level and keep us watching, the film doesn't linger in the imagination the way truly great cinema does
0.8 there is no denying the cinematic power of Audiard's fearless storytelling
0.75 Rust and Bone is a tough, emotionally raw movie, but its not a difficult watch, and its a very skillfully rendered piece of neo-realism.
0.6 The notion of strings-free sex gets a good working over from director Jacques Audiard (A Prophet), who takes as much pride in exploring the workings of Stephanie's troubled mind as he does in digitally removing her legs.
0.8 The film achieves what all dramatic films should strive for: complete audience empathy for the main characters. I cared for these two so deeply, and the many, many moments of quiet triumph gave me rushes of joy. A beautiful triumph of precision.
0.8 Rust and Bone is an unsentimentally lyrical triumph, unexpected in every way.
0.7 For a film that deals in different forms of agony it's rather pleasant. A portrait of family that's refreshing with the right emotional punch.
0.8 Audiard crafts a film with logical scenic construction yet surprising turns of events, with the drama never devolving into melodrama.
1.0 A 'Salt of the Earth' saga plumbing the depths of the human soul.
0.8 Through restraint, French director Jacques Audiard does a better job of tugging on viewers' hearts than most filmmakers can achieve with excess.
0.625 In 'Rust and Bone,' Marion Cotillard loses both legs but retains her hotness. This might seem like an inappropriate observation, but it's very much to the point of this very physical French romance of redemptive suffering from director Jacques Audiard.
0.8 This is a very different film to Audiard's most recent release - the impressive A Prophet - but it has a similar sense of maturity about it, and could well have acting awards aplenty heading its way in the coming months.
0.75 The strength of director Jacques Audiard's film is that he refuses to elicit pity from the audience for his protagonists.
0.5 Like a carnival barker or presidential candidate, Rust and Bone promises far more than it delivers.
0.7 Though Stephanie's legs are removed from sight through the wonders of digital film effects, the character will remain in your consciousness like a phantom limb.
0.8 The story is what it is, and other than the ridiculous ending crisis, isn't bad. What drives the film is Marion Cotillard's acting.
0.6 It moves at its own, often slow pace, but Marion Cotillard gives another great performance and the visual effects that turn her into a double amputee are astonishing.
0.75 Audiard juxtaposes Schoenaerts' physicality with Cotillard's disability and explores their mutual vulnerability in haunting and suggestive fashion.
0.75 Has significant blemishes that don't quite come out in the wash...but the picture persists on the strength of its committed performances.
0.6 A lesser director would not have breathed life into Rust and Bone, but Audiard directs with skill and sensitivity, even when his characters lack those attributes.
0.625 The movie wanders off course in the final act, as if none of its three screenwriters could quite figure out how to end it.
0.875 "Rust and Bone" has heart and soul.
0.875 "Rust and Bone" seems to wander unexpectedly into its heart; it feels organic in its casual unfolding, like life itself.
0.875 You couldn't ask for a more random relationship, but "Rust and Bone" slowly, almost magically, gives it meaning, symbolism, even a kind of symmetry.
0.625 Interesting, but emotionally and dramatically flat
0.75 When Rust and Bone tells a story of a woman's recovery from a devastating injury, it hits all the right notes, traveling a path that is poignant without being mawkish and triumphant without being saccharine.
1.0 From one of the best directors in the world comes a powerful love story that will bust your knuckles and break your heart. Jacques Audiard, who previously delivered the mighty prison drama, A Prophet, brings his tough love to a sad romance.
0.8 A tightly-managed film that explores the instinct to survive and fight with intelligence.
0.8 With the exceptional performances from both Matthias Schoenaerts and Marion Cotillard and the beautiful cinematography, Rust and Bone may have a few flaws but it's still brutal, intense, and surprisingly touching.
0.75 For all its willful melodrama, Rust and Bone takes its characters -- and us -- someplace touching and hard fought.
0.75 By turns brutal and tender, Rust and Bone is a bullet train of heightened melodrama that refuses to derail.
1.0 A movie that defies categorization, slips convenient genre boundaries, and leaves viewers feeling haunted and inspired in equal measure.
0.5 Rust and Bone concerns the relationship between a wholly unsympathetic man and a woman whose strange attachment to him does not garner much sympathy for her, either.
0.5 Positions the wrong person as the lead protagonist. The film lays its heart on the line, but its focal point is off.
0.75 "Rust and Bone" is a tough movie about tough people for a tough audience. So prepare to get roughed up a little.
0.75 An effective and moving drama about the strength of the human spirit and the will to survive.
0.75 The leads save it, particularly Cotillard, who once again subverts her own glamour with ferocious lack of ego.
0.8 There is something about two broken people trying to create something whole between them that is endlessly appealing to movie audiences.
0.875 Getting to know Alain and Stephanie feels a lot like getting to know anyone: We're constantly being surprised by their behavior and yet somehow, all of it fits.
1.0 Audiard, who made the uncompromising prison saga A Prophet, is like a gritty, realist Douglas Sirk - throwing his characters into whirlwind scenarios that are filled with big emotions and fateful turns of events.
1.0 Audiard's use of genre and cliches is part of a greater argument about moral redemption and deceptive appearances, where happy endings are only skin deep.
0.625 Reminds that a movie can be gripping and still not quite work.
1.0 An unusual and unsettling love story, Rust and Bone shows once again that Oscar-winning French actress Marion Cotillard is as close to perfect as any female has ever been onscreen.
0.7 ...a muscular romance that leaves its mark like a bruise.
0.625 Cotillard's performance is a match for the histrionics, but Rust and Bone still could cut a lot of fat.
0.5 Despite amazing CGI that shows Cotillard convincingly sans legs and terrific acting, this is far too long for what's there.
0.8 Romantic but pitiless, fearlessly emotional as well as edgy, "Rust and Bone" is a powerhouse.
0.625 The story grows inert, hindered by Schoenaerts' expressionless performance.
0.9 Few films come along and conquer new territory in the way of cinematic storytelling like Rust and Bone.
0.875 Rethinking what we thought we knew - about love, about sex, about disability - is what "Rust and Bone" is about. Be careful, the film warns us -- we may know less about those things than we think.
0.8 "Rust and Bone" is a strong, emotionally replete experience, and also a tour de force of directorial button pushing.
0.4 Its underwritten characters and hoary approach plunk it into mediocrity.
1.0 Lyrical and gritty French drama for mature viewers only.
0.9 A must-see drama that will reward moviegoers who are both smart enough to seek it out and grown-up enough to take it
0.5 If you hired Albert Camus to write "Rocky," it might come out something like "Rust and Bone," a quintessentially French effort to combine pugilism and sentimentality.
0.875 What sounds like a movie of the week formula plays much more convincingly thanks to assured direction and powerful performances.
0.8 It's Cotillard who surprises: Too often cast as eye candy, she demonstrates a facility here for tiny gestures and facial expressions that suggest emotional arcs in miniature.
0.75 These are people who never would have connected under ordinary circumstances; they end up needing each other desperately. Only in the movies.
0.375 If the name Nicholas Sparks was within fifty feet of it, it would be laughed out of the theater sight nearly unseen.
0.85 Jacques Audiard continues to strive to make films so distinctively singular in their originality, no one in Hollywood would even consider remaking this.
0.625 It runs a complicated bait and switch on its audience, passing ostensible exploitation fodder through a high-toned prestige filter.
0.8 As a cross between other French films, The Diving Bell and the Butterfly and Untouchable, as well as Murderball and Inside I'm Dancing, Rust and Bone is an often erratic but always truly cinematic piece of soul searching with sublime special effects.
0.9 A drama about the capacities of some individuals to bounce back and survive in the face of ordeals, setbacks, and suffering.
0.6 A work of breathtaking intensity, there's nevertheless a point where so much misery has been thrown on screen that the narrative becomes predictable; imagine something terrible, and it's probably going to happen.
0.95 Rust and Bone is a film of undeniable power. The two central performances are stunning and Audiard's passionate filmmaking makes for a completely engrossing, original and moving cinematic experience.
0.8 Here Cotillard does some of her finest work.
1.0 Achingly romantic in ways that only the French know how.
0.8 Rust and Bone still emerges as a very impressive achievement from a director who - though possessed of a recognisable voice - seems intent on stretching himself with each new project.
1.0 Marion Cotillard delivers another raw, devastating performance in this beautifully made drama about two badly damaged people who adapt to a new life together.
0.6 The special-effects are amazingly realistic, as is the leading lady's luminous, anguished and extremely moving performance.
0.8 A powerful tale of love against the odds.
0.6 The film's brilliance is its refusal to defer emotionally to the heroine's tragedy. No overt pity; no self-pity.
0.6 Despite exceptional cinematography, music, and brilliant performances throughout, the film lacks the believable dramatic arc of director Jacques Audiard's previous offering A Prophet.
0.8 Apart from the soppy soundtrack, it's very affecting and potent stuff.
0.8 Cotillard, who's been waiting since La vie en rose for a role this substantial, is at her damaged, devastating best.
0.8 Cotillard is always mesmerising and, if you have the patience, Rust and Bone is well worth a look.
0.8 Superbly directed, strikingly shot and sharply written, this is a powerfully emotional French drama with intriguing characters and a pair of terrific performances from Marion Cotillard and Matthias Schoenaerts.
0.8 Cotillard's performance is primed for awards, while Schoenaerts is a rough diamond.
1.0 Rust And Bone may be melodramatic but it is no indulgent emotional wallow.
0.8 Another triumph from Audiard and a Cotillard masterclass, this bruising, tender melodrama lingers long in the memory.
0.8 A winning marriage of mind-boggling visual effects, excellent performances, and sumptuous direction, Rust and Bone is an emotional, richly rewarding drama.
0.8 It's perhaps less focused and perfect-feeling than Audiard's best work, but its oddness makes it more thought-provoking.
0.6 pure soap opera
0.75 ...a solid little drama that falls just short of greatness...
0.9 It is terribly intense, and French. There is no other way to describe it.
0.75 By the end, "Rust" cast a spell over me, but man, did it take nearly the entire length of the film for me to figure out what it was trying to do.
0.8 Rust and Bone is an incredibly well crafted and intensely emotionally absorbing film worthy of serious attention.
0.9 While it's a redemptive love story between two broken people, the film's beauty lies is in its lack of overblown sentimentality. There is a spare, hard mien to these characters that intrigues & pulls us in.
0.5 The theme of reconciliation - between man and woman, father and son, brother and sister, man and animal - feels kind of perfunctory and over-reaching.
0.8 These are two towering performances in a film of genuine power. Rust and Bone may not be for everyone; but it's a complex, assured, demanding work.
0.8 Audiard manages to create a very real world in which circumstances determine everything.
0.4 The muscularity of Audiard's approach becomes more macho and less appealing as the film goes on, and the script wanders down distracting byroads that make it feel episodic and inattentive.
0.8 It is a passionate and moving love story which surges out of the screen like a flood tide.
0.2 Go on the Disney ride instead. It's over sooner.
0.45 Beautiful production design and bags of promise give way to disappointment in this family comedy.
0.75 A thunderstorm of mysterious origin traps the old mansion.
0.4 Regardless of all the ghosts, or maybe because of them, The Haunted Mansion is one lifeless, spiritless affair.
0.2 Eddie Murphy, fresh from a string of wearyingly bad performances in really horrible features, pulls The Haunted Mansion down around him with record-breaking speed
0.625 You wonder why you're willing to wait an hour-and-a-half to go on it for the umpteenth time.
0.2 Uma comedia de horror que nao assusta nem faz rir.
0.4 Comic thrillers are always risky, but this one lacks even a hint of badly needed black humour.
0.2 Mansion is as dead as the spirits who haunt its unspooktacular walls.
0.2 Hauntingly Bad.
0.125 ... essentially a soulless collection of episodic gags... only serves to hammer a few more nails into [Eddie Murphy's] career's coffin.
0.625 uses the ride's familiar visuals as a leaping-off point for the horror-comedy, which is at times delightfully silly and at other times depressingly thin
0.375 Manages to make even such surefire audience grabbers as a zombie attack exceedingly dull.
0.25 To paraphrase one of my favorite lines from one of my favorite films ("Little Big Man"): Sometimes the Magic Kingdom works, and sometimes it doesn't.
0.5 It's ironic that in 2003 we find Murphy playing a role that, for all intents and purposes, might have been done by Mantan Moreland 60 years ago -- only Mantan was funnier.
0.5 With The Haunted Mansion, Eddie Murphy continues in a long line of family film stinkers.
0.4 ...maladroit dans sa tentative d'allier rires et frissons, insatisfaisant sur tous les plans...
0.4 Feels like something that was churned out through a machine; Disney Live-Action Cheese By Committee.
0.4 Another Disney ride-turned-movie looks great ... and goes nowhere.
0.5 Following the plot of the ride, as well as littering the screen with beautiful visual homages big and small, the film has less wiggle room to really come alive on its own.
0.5 There's disappointingly little in its 99 minutes that's better than what the ride has been doing for years in 10.
0.5 Eddie Murphy does a sterile job as the film's star, but it is Jennifer Tilly who shines in this otherwise flat film.
0.75 The Haunted Mansion was made in the spirit of giving everyone in the family something to enjoy together. It's successful at that level.
0.3 Learn from the Evers family: The Haunted Mansion is not worth the detour.
0.5 ...a lame and transparent pseudo-amusing scarefest...has all the whimsy and cheeky movement of an overcrowded parking lot at Disneyland...a generic goose bump ride
0.5 A movie that, while consistently amusing, plays like a hackneyed effort to stretch a few minutes of ride into a coherent, hour-and- a-half story.
0.6 More Disneyland ride than movie, short on plot and long on dazzling visuals for the kiddies.
0.5 While it may supply giggles and shivers to preteens, grownups should think twice before entering this all-too-haunted house.
0.5 Eddie Murphy has been many things to many people in his tempestuous career. Until now, 'mayo-and-bologna-on-white' hasn't been one of them.
0.5 Perhaps used to working with animated characters, Minkoff fails to inspire much energy from his cast.
0.125 The movie's horror angle also reminds us of Vampire in Brooklyn, the last in a string of Murphy flops before The Nutty Professor saved his screen career in 1996. With this listless foray, Eddie is twice bitten.
0.6 It's notoriously difficult to balance lighthearted humor with the spookiness a good ghost story requires, but director Rob Minkoff is surprisingly successful, delivering a satisfying mix of laughs and mild scares aimed at a young audience.
0.4 The story is so flimsy, could it possibly have been ghostwritten by Goofy?
0.25 A badly scripted, sloppily put-together hack job.
0.5 The problem here isn't so much the pace as the too-predictable story and the general lack of energy; director Rob Minkoff can't seem to light a fire under his cast.
0.5 Haunted Mansion won't be anybody's E-ticket ride, but it's an enjoyable movie for a very specific age range (children 8 to 12), and will be tolerable for almost everyone else.
0.5 Haunted is much more loyal to the original amusement attraction than the freewheeling and more imaginative Pirates film, which is good for nostalgia but not especially good for storytelling.
0.375 Here's a better way to spend your money: go to Disneyland and visit the real Haunted Mansion.
0.6 You don't go to a movie like this for the sparkling repartee; you go to ride the ride one more time, and director Rob Minkoff delivers with a slew of sight gags and character cameos that will keep faith with the fans.
0.4 The Haunted Mansion is disappointing in just about every way. Even the plot, which seems simple enough at first, turns out to be confusing when all is revealed.
0.25 The advertising slogan for The Haunted Mansion warns, 'Check your pulse at the door' -- pretty cheeky for a movie that flatlines for almost all of its 98 minutes.
0.25 The PG rating is purportedly for 'frightening images,' but the only thing frightening is the bland performance Eddie Murphy phones in.
0.625 With The Haunted Mansion, the second movie this year to be based on a popular Disney attraction Eddie Murphy may have finally brought his career back to life.
0.5 Let's face it: This is a movie based on a ride, so, really, how much entertainment can you expect? But at least it is a better bargain than the ride it is shilling.
0.5 It's true that last summer's hit Pirates of the Caribbean is one tough act to follow, but The Haunted Mansion falls short even without such comparisons.
0.4 The Haunted Mansion is well made and acted with a kind of campy glee, but it doesn't scare up enough thrills or laughs to give it the kind of mass appeal of Disney's summer blockbuster Pirates of the Caribbean.
0.4 The theme park attraction is actually better entertainment than the movie.
0.2 It's not all that boring, and very little children will like it, but the 'tween crowd will consider this beneath them, as would everyone older.
0.25 Foolish indeed is the mortal family that shells out the copious price of admission for this gobbler.
0.5 That thing going bump in the night? It was my head hitting the armrest.
0.5 Despite some imaginative designs, The Haunted Mansion just sort of lies there, as if -- like some of its characters -- it is waiting to be roused from eternal slumber.
0.625 The Haunted Mansion won't much entertain older family members, but it might be fun for kids and seems headed for a long run on home video.
0.5 Director Rob Minkoff, mindful of his PG rating and young target audience, never tries to scare us to the marrow.
0.2 The film equivalent of the dark, boring period on a haunted house ride before the gondola crashes into another room filled with dirty mirrors.
0.5 This is a 99-minute commercial for a three-minute attraction.
0.4 Trite special effects, uninspired dialogue.
0.5 An efficient, reasonably enjoyable factory product that should scare a 9-year-old just enough and be gone from his or her memory by dinnertime.
0.375 About as much fun as a day at Disneyland -- when it's raining and all the rides are broken and the car is at the extreme other end of the parking lot.
0.5 Although The Haunted Mansion starts promisingly and presents a wealth of possibilities, filmmakers decide to go the formulaic route to bring in the kiddies.
0.375 ...plays like a contest between Eddie Murphy's popping eyes and his gaping mouth: Which one can more forcefully convey fright?
0.4 It's hard to get excited about watching a real estate deal go down, even if it is with a bunch of ghosts.
0.375 ...terminally lame...
0.7 The Haunted Mansion is goofy fun.
0.5 Amusing time-killer.
0.8 More creepy than scary, but it's lots of fun.
0.5 As the story unfolds, it becomes ever more obvious that the Haunted Mansion ride was not concocted to provide enough material for a narratively coherent movie.
0.5 Even if I were still a kid, I'd rather go on the ride.
0.6 only works as mindless entertainment.
0.625 Vivid and unimaginative.
0.625 Amusing but not side-splitting.
0.6 Swirling apparitions, a wonderful Southern gothic atmosphere and a thwarted love story make this a fine companion piece to the Walt Disney theme-park attraction.
0.5 While the addition of four harmonizing statues infuses some humor in the script, there's little that outshines effects in the actual Disneyland house.
0.5 As mechanical as an old Disneyland automaton.
0.625 Never manages to rise above kind of cute.
0.6 The fact that this sort of preachy foray into the pseudo-scary is even remotely entertaining can only be attributed to blind, stumbling luck.
0.6 Best of all is Parker, the perfect melancholy romantic hero, brooding and dark, yet touching and sentimental.
0.5 After she walks off, Daddy tells his son, "Whack your own spider!"
1.0 Inception is the best film of the year and one of the best films of the decade, this is Nolan's masterpiece and it is perfect in every regard.
1.0 A smart and inventive thriller, this drama is one of the year's best movies.
1.0 Nolan has cemented himself among the great filmmakers of our time, not only with this film, but with most of his other works as well.
1.0 Despite its two- and a half-hour length, it flies by and just like a great dream you don't want to wake up from, even after the end credits start, you'll desperately crave five more minutes.
0.6 Ambitious, sure, but ultimately too far-fetched for its own good.
0.8 It's intentionally, thrillingly, disorienting.
0.8 Flaws aside, there's a lot to like about Inception and Nolan keeps his eye on the ball throughout, offering up a lush treat of a thriller with nerve and wit
0.7 Taken at theatrical value, director/writer Christopher Nolan's tale of purposeful memory-travel is a fun and exciting trip into the creative subconscious.
0.875 It is the film by which to measure the density of all others.
0.7 ...there's no denying those special effects. They are spectacular and creative in the extreme.
0.9 The action set pieces are deliriously spectacular; one involving a gravity-impaired Gordon-Levitt in an ever-rotating hallway is wondrous to behold.
0.9 A trippy, complex, thrill-driven action-adventure that demands (and rewards) repeat viewings.
0.6 Un thriller inteligente aunque algo menos complejo de lo que aparenta, que cae en varios excesos narrativos y visuales. Probablemente la pelicula mas ambiciosa de Nolan hasta la fecha.
0.7 I'm somewhat disappointed that Nolan didn't make a different movie, I heartily enjoyed the one he did make.
1.0 Nuevamente Nolan nos sorprende con un ejercicio inteligente y vibrante, con un DiCaprio maduro y un cast perfecto. La cinta del ano para Hollywood.
0.8 Nolan gledateljima prua zabavu za osjetila i intelekt na na&#269;in koji se &#269;ini iznad mogu&#263;nosti najve&#263;eg broja njegovih kolega
1.0 full review at Movies for the Masses
1.0 A classic-in-waiting that will keep you guessing and thinking while you pick your jaw up off the floor.
1.0 Nolan's script keeps the parallel narrative threads concise, and through gorgeous cinematography by Wally Pfister and sharp editing by Lee Smith.
0.875 Is the movie over-thought? Sometimes, yes. But challenging material is rarely as satisfying as in this blockbuster from one of the dream factory's most gifted artisans.
0.9 A marvelous, highly enjoyable film that continues Nolan's climb toward the very top of the list of the best filmmakers working today.
1.0 Intelligent and imaginative Inception is eye bending and mind bending in equal measures.
1.0 Uma ficcao cientifica que faz jus aos melhores do genero, apresentando-nos a conceitos intrigantes e dedicando-se, entao, a explora-los ate suas consequencias mais extremas.
0.65 Inception, which has been talked up to crazy heights and showcases the best, as well as the most problematic, aspects of Nolan's directorial chops.
0.9 Inception made my brain hurt. And it hurt in the most wonderful way.
0.8 Brain, meet spasm. Inception is the cleverest, most original use of a Blockbuster budget we've seen in years. Shame some of the characters are a bit underdeveloped.
0.9 Christopher Nolan proves himself as both a man of action and ideas, as he delves into the male psyche and enriches the soul in Inception.
0.99 "Hooray!"
0.7 Visually stunning Inception trips on its own cleverness, sacrificing character development in the pursuit of ingenuity. One can forgive its hubris and give it credit for being a thinking man's action movie.
1.0 Nolan has spun an elegantly cerebral story that is primal, compelling, and as visually disconcerting as it is completely captivating
0.8 This is a long film with a lot of fiery explosions, intelligent ideas, sputtering machine guns, and violent car crashes.
0.875 An at-times dizzying Mobius strip of a sci-fi thriller, it's both a tremendously challenging and tremendously rewarding movie, the type that will have audiences talking -- and debating -- long after the credits roll.
1.0 A giant win for audiences and the degree to which filmmakers can respect their intelligence.
0.9 Nolan repousse les limites de son cinema pour nous offrir - une fois de plus - son oeuvre la plus dense et stimulante a ce jour.
0.75 This metaphysical 'Mission: Imposible' is motivated by a challenge as great as that facing its heroes: It's Nolan's attempt to crack the Great Film vault. Mission accomplished? Yes -- and more crucially -- no.
1.0 Inception a dynamic, moving mind-bender.
0.8 For all of its capacity to bewilder and befuddle, Inception still must be endorsed purely on the strength of its ambition, and the awesome heights to which it sometimes soars.
0.7 Nolan is having the time of his life in his own personal playground and, for all its heavy technical and narrative machinery, Inception remains one of his lightest films.
0.8 It is irritating for an hour, being so gloomily lit that you need fog lights, then it opens up into a marvellously inventive, somewhat silly but enjoyable heist movie, with a good cast doing things I doubt even they could explain.
0.9 It's just streets ahead of anything I've seen in a long time.
0.9 One of those films, like Blade Runner or 2001 A Space Odyssey, that will repay many viewings in order to grasp all the intricate details of these multi-layered trips into the dreams and nightmares of the central characters.
0.8 [Nolan] has planted the idea that his film is the most brilliant, original and smart film in years. And everyone thinks they realized this on their own.
0.9 And [Nolan] said, "let there be originality", and there was originality. He called it Inception and audiences and critics alike saw that it was good.
1.0 Even its flaws are brilliant -- and without its flaws and a few evidences of self-mocking humor, I'm not sure I'd like it nearly as well as I do.
0.5 Inception is a diverting gambit, but you might want to check your watch a few times to see when the dreams are going to be over.
0.9 Indeed, Hollywood's obsession with 3D has extended to the storytelling process, and with Inception, it also reminds us that story and characterization still rule in the land of a thousand digital vistas.
0.8 Nolan borrows from classic heist and caper movies to design the clockwork tension but this particular clock is more like Dali's dripping watch.
0.8 Cinematically, this is a keeper, a fireworks grand finale that goes on flashing and booming for two hours and twenty-eight minutes. But, oh, for some genuine heart.
0.89 Once in the dreamspace, Nolan's command of multi-layered storytelling is nothing short of astounding.
1.0 the balance of philosophical ideas and narrative tension are more than enough to keep the film not just engaging, but utterly riveting for its entire duration
1.0 Inception is the exception to a boring summer!
0.8 A well-constructed, narratively audacious blockbuster released at a time when such things are in depressingly short supply.
0.5 A patently-preposterous, endlessly-elliptical mindbender that's worth the investment just to be able to say you sat through it, even if you can't follow all of its meandering machinations. It's that hip!
0.875 Despite the fact that some details of the labyrinthine plot are simply too obscure to comprehend on a first viewing, Nolan sells the emotion -- and the consequences -- visually.
1.0 Cinema is rarely this engaging on so many levels.
0.875 This is the kind of film studios need to green light more often... all orchestrated by the crafting hand of a director who knows what he wants and makes it happen.
0.7 Preposterous, but so ingeniously done that it's an entertaining ride.
1.0 Just like a spinning top, you keep hoping Christopher Nolan's movie will last a little bit longer.
0.9 It's heartening to see that the quirky sensibility Nolan brought to 'Memento' has never left him.
0.875 It's bold. It's exciting. It makes you think. It engages. It impresses. It frustrates. And it does it all a helluva lot better than Shutter Island.
1.0 The first masterpiece of 2010. A perfect blend of performance, story, music and effects.
1.0 A dream within a dream.
0.8 The complexity of the plot works to make the film a must see, but it also ends up frustrating the audience because it all can't be figured out on the first viewing
1.0 I suspect even repeat viewings won't be enough to nail this one down: Like 2001, it's both knotty enough and ambiguous enough to lead to conflicting opinions. Besides, our dreams are open to different interpretations, so why not some of our films as well?
0.875 The ending will leave you debating in that glass half-full, half-empty kind of way. Let's just say, it's a movie that needs to be seen more than once.
0.4 Only someone who never saw (or appreciated) Dark City would be able to call it visionary.
1.0 This is not only the best movie ever made about dreams, it is also one of the best films of 2010, and certainly one of the most entertaining pictures I've seen in a decade.
0.875 It is a fascinating visual feast, The Matrix with heart and soul, a rollercoaster ride into layers of the subconscious mind that challenges our ability to keep up.
0.8 What it is (an action-heavy heist movie with several mind-blowing setpieces) is an entirely pleasant substitute for what it isn't (a psychologically complex investigation into dream logic).
0.9 There are plenty of reasons to like Inception, whether you found it obvious or impenetrable. You'll wish you could dream as lucidly as this, but be grateful here you have Nolan as your tour guide.
0.9 It makes 'The Matrix' look like a Dick & Jane book.
0.875 This is a drama built around ideas and images; it is a cinematic maze that Nolan makes his audience traverse in order to follow, understand and appreciate his world.
0.625 Inception is a nightmare for audiences looking for coherent fiction.
0.988 A groundbreaking, intriguing, exhilarating and brilliant sci-fi thriller that's destined to become a timeless classic. Mark my words: It will be remembered for years to come.
0.84 Who are we to complain when a filmmaker lets his thoughts get the better of him, especially when most summer blockbusters aren't thinking at all.
0.875 The movie is almost hypnotic -- a mind-bending experience laced with palpable tension and fueled with drama. Sweet dreams.
0.8 Inception is an intense, complex story, but it's always coherent, imaginative, and entertaining.
0.625 More time wasting than time bending, Inception is a shoot 'em up masquerading as a thinking person's sci-fi film.
0.75 This sophisticated and uniquely clever cinematic concoction is a refreshing change from the usual lineup of mindless summer fare. The acting and dialogue take a back seat to the mind-blowing action that is...
0.625 Nolan is a very clever fellow, no argument there. He's skilled at juggling big ideas and making us think. Now if he can just make us feel.
0.9 The final half-hour alone is a miracle of clockwork-precise showmanship.
1.0 It's only the latest indication that Christopher Nolan might be the slyest narrative tactician making movies today.
0.75 Pretty good, not bad, but brilliant it surely ain't.
1.0 Inception is a boldly constructed wonder with plenty of -- as one character describes it -- "paradoxical architecture."
0.9 I found myself admiring the movie's stubborn adherence to its own universe and logic.
0.875 Nolan's tale is not only a trip through mental labyrinths but a reminder that memories may cripple us, unless we learn to let them go.
1.0 Inception, the latest in Nolan's long list of awe-inspiring films, proves to be his most ambitious and satisfying project to date.
0.6 The good news is, I'm not going to give away any of the mind-bending twists at the center of Inception. The bad news is, that's because there aren't any.
0.4 Inception is so slow and so confusing that you may actually fall asleep. Or wish you were really dreaming and could wake up and dream another movie.
0.4 Mixes arcane talk about dreams with traditional action sequences resulting in strange and ineffective hybrid.
0.2 Are they handing out joints at the box office for this?
1.0 This is a movie people will go see and then argue about and then, very likely, go see again. It is instantly the must-see film of the summer.
0.8 By turns overpowering, spectacular and truly awe-inspiring. Nolan has just taken it to the next level.
0.875 Inception is that rare film that can be enjoyed on superficial and progressively deeper levels, a feat that uncannily mimics the mind-bending journey its protagonist takes.
1.0 You know how much of a cheat it is when a movie concludes with a character waking up and realizing it was all a dream? Inception goes another way: Its characters wake up from their dreams to figure out what's real.
1.0 The most audacious and multifaceted Hollywood entertainment for grown-ups I've seen in years.
0.625 Wrapped up in the logistics of various dreamscapes and the technical details of dream sharing and inception, the picture all but abandons its most essential thread.
0.4 Inception becomes its own nightmare by trying to be "too" smart.
0.875 The visual effects are outstanding, including a fight scene that rivals any ever put on film.
0.9 Inception is the most astonishing thing you will see all year. It may be one of the most astonishing things you will ever see.
0.9 The first of [Nolan's] films that I would call flat-out fun.
1.0 Does the long-anticipated Christopher Nolan film Inception deliver what we've been hoping for? In a word: Yes.
0.9 t has all of Nolan's strengths, and some of his weaknesses, and it is undeniably his. It is a $160 million action film about loss and regret, and it is exciting in part because of its flaws.
0.75 Inception is often thrilling to watch, but there's something hollow at its center.
0.2 (S)tories should show, not tell, and Nolan keeps telling us that he can't tell this story.
0.8 The first of many major achievements in this memorable and haunting film is to render other people's dreams - not the most interesting of topics normally - absolutely riveting.
1.0 In a decade dominated by the three dreaded Rs of remakes, reimaginings and reboots comes a truly original blockbuster.
1.0 The most intelligent and visually stunning film of the year. Literally mind-bending.
0.875 All it asks of viewers is that they do something rare: engage the intellect.
0.9 A grandiose exploration of the subconscious and a blazing piece of puzzlemaking.
1.0 It's the kind of thing that only comes along once every few decades.
1.0 An intellectualized action flick or an action-packed intellectual film? The answer, of course, is that it's both.
0.75 Like any traditional narrative, it starts at point A and ends at point B. It just goes backward through the alphabet to get there.
0.75 A heist picture at heart, the dream-world-set thriller harkens back to the reality-shifting days of "The Matrix," but edges toward intelligence in all of the places the Wachowski brothers opted for visceral popcorn thrills.
0.5 Rule of thumb: if a movie uses the word "deep" as much as this one does, it probably isn't.
0.875 I absolutely loved every minute of it.
1.0 The ambition on display is so huge, and the filmmaking so intelligent, you'll emerge feeling as if you've just watched an entire season of the greatest sci-fi series never made.
0.9 You have to love a movie that dares people to think big.
0.8 This is a popular entertainment with a knockout punch so intense and unnerving it'll have you worrying if it's safe to close your eyes at night.
1.0 Nolan's film is surely the most ambitious psychological thriller ever, and yet also the most personal. His baroque imagination makes most directors' efforts look like beach-pail sand castles alongside Mad King Ludwig's Neuschwanstein Castle.
0.5 Meanwhile, explanations are offered, buildings collapse on themselves, DiCaprio frets moodily, henchmen fall over and that white van keeps falling off that bridge ... It's all very beautiful, and mostly very empty.
1.0 unlike anything you've seen
0.875 As the dreams build upon each other and Cobb's past creeps through, Nolan has us just where he wants us -- deliriously lost in a world where dreams and reality are indecipherable, and curious enough to stand in line for another showing.
1.0 This is what movies can be like if you try.
0.6 Mr. DiCaprio exercises impressive control in portraying a man on the verge of losing his grip, but Mr. Nolan has not, in the end, given Cobb a rich enough inner life to sustain the performance.
0.875 Inception is the rare blockbuster entry as sophisticated and intelligent as it is exciting and spectacular.
0.8 The fact that it manages to be both unmissable and maddening doesn't kill the immediate buzz, since half the film's thrills consist of simply keeping up with it.
0.875 In this smart sci-fi puzzle box, director Christopher Nolan transports the audience to a dreamscape that begins with the familiar and then takes a radical, imaginative leap.
0.8 Like a dream, Nolan's film fades swiftly in the light -- but while it lasts, it feels like there's nothing more important to decipher.
1.0 Leonardo DiCaprio's new thriller is as good as live action cinema gets...and you're about to have some very deep dreams to prove it.
1.0 This truly remarkable movie represents imagination of the highest order conducted by a true master of the art of motion pictures.
0.5 Without a substantial story to support the whole, the piece is as weightless as the 'Zzzzzz team' itself, floating through the multiple levels of dreams within dreams.
0.8 Even minor roles are filled by sterling talent (including Michael Caine as Cobb's mentor), which is testament to the originality and precision of Christopher Nolan. His is a mind that's definitely worth getting lost in.
0.6 Inception may be the brainiest hokum ever released in a cinematic summer. Imagine Last Year in Marienbad wandering into the orbit of producer Jerry Bruckheimer.
1.0 Inception is one of the most original, thought-provoking, intense, mind-blowing pieces of entertainment I have ever seen. I would pay money to watch people's reactions.
0.8 Emotional intimacy is lacking, with some characters functioning merely as devices to explain an increasingly complicated scenario, but there's no doubt that Nolan knows how to craft an enthralling brainteaser.
1.0 After thinking it'd take "a couple months" to ink, director Christopher Nolan took eight years to painstakingly write the "Inception" script. And you can tell. It's his first pure masterpiece.
0.8 It was a brave move to follow The Dark Knight, one of the biggest hits of all time, with something so incredibly complex, but Nolan can relax -- it's worked like a dream.
1.0 A conceptual coup that, in dealing with the shifting logic and fractured reality of dreams, frees itself from the need to satisfy any conventions, formulae or expectations.
1.0 It's a long movie (2.5 hours) but doesn't feel so, and is the rare would-be blockbuster that demands close attention and would surely reward rewatching.
0.875 With Inception, writer/director Christopher Nolan not only cements his status as Hollywood's most innovative filmmaker, he has created a daring genre: the surrealist heist thriller. Or, maybe he has developed the dream invasion action epic.
0.7 ...part heist caper, part Jungian fugue-state where dreams stack up inside each other like Russian nesting dolls.
0.625 Personally, I got more thrills out of the simple animation of Richard Linklater's Waking Life.
1.0 More filmmakers need to abandon the Ikea guide to making Hollywood movies (Step 73: Keep hammering cliche) and close their eyes for a little nap.
0.9 Whether [DiCaprio] confronts lost love or the dream world crumbles in a glorious symphony of exploding fruit and buildings, Inception is beautiful, high-class chaos.
0.8 It is that rarest of beasts: a slippery, cerebral summer blockbuster that slaloms from illusion to reality and back again and leaves its viewer bewitched, bothered and bewildered.
1.0 It's said that Christopher Nolan spent ten years writing his screenplay for Inception. That must have involved prodigious concentration, like playing blindfold chess while walking a tight-wire.
1.0 The movies have produced one of their rare works of great art, disguised as an action thriller -- a thoughtful and thought-provoking meditation disguised as a con game carried out in a dream ... within a dream ... within a dream.
0.75 It's gratifying to experience a summer movie with large visual ambitions and with nothing more or less on its mind than (as Shakespeare said) a dream that hath no bottom.
0.7 Surely the most intellectually and viscerally engaging action film in years.
0.75 One of the best things about Nolan as a director is that he's not self-conscious. His movies unfold and fold in on themselves without the strain of labor or flash. But that lack of self-consciousness is also Nolan's downside.
0.625 The dream logic of Inception -- which deals, like Nolan's far more intriguing Memento, with the architecture of memory and the nature of reality -- is stymied by a clunking script, crammed with expository exchanges and urgent blather.
1.0 Inspired at times by movie classics, modern and otherwise - 'Dark City' and 'Minority Report,' but also 'Metropolis,' 'Citizen Kane' and the best 007 adventures - it earns its place in the same conversation, a tribute to Nolan's ingenuity.
0.9 A singular film that seeps into your brain so much so that you might leave the theater looking at the world differently.
0.625 Writer/director Christopher Nolan is too obsessed with the mechanics of the gimmick and plot of Inception to make any intellectual leaps off the screen.
0.7 A remarkable achievement in ingenuity and storytelling.
0.5 For a motion picture set within the boundless reaches of the subconscious, Inception is depressingly lacking in imagination.
1.0 Consider this as a form of inception from a film review: see it again, and while you're at it, see it a third time.
1.0 No matter how high your personal expectations for "Inception" may be, the film not only meets but wildly exceeds them.
1.0 One of the most intoxicating, challenging and beautiful movies of the 21st century, deserving of multiple Oscar nominations.
1.0 Inception is the first masterful video game movie (never mind that it isn't based on a video game).
1.0 A masterpiece on a grand scale that is not just an ingenious work of science fiction but may be the best film since Rear Window to play along with your mind's eye on how we view movies altogether.
1.0 Inception is either a great, mind-bending movie or one big swindle. Let's go with the former.
0.6 Christopher Nolan's existential sci-fi heist flick is always riveting, if not always comprehensible.
0.375 Inception is Instruction Manual Cinema, a film that spends so much time explaining the rules of its narrative conceit that it fails to either emotionally engage or, except in a few notable spots, viscerally thrill.
1.0 The simplest way to sum up the greatness of Inception is to identify it as a new classic of science-fiction cinema (and, for that matter, the heist genre).
1.0 Brilliantly directed and superbly conceived, this is a genuinely exciting, intelligent thriller with stunning visuals, gripping action scenes, a brilliantly constructed script and terrific performances from a note-perfect cast.
0.25 None of this prattling drivel adds up to one iota of cogent or convincing logic. You never know who anyone is, what their goals are, who they work for or what they're doing.
1.0 A sublime brain-twister of a movie that plays out so intricately on so many levels simultaneously that a bathroom break comes at your own peril.
1.0 A master stroke from a director in his prime. Inception is leagues above any live action film released in 2010.
0.8 How can it be that a bunch of people sitting around scheming nonsense can prove so compelling? Only David Fincher knows how to take a studio's money and spin it as stylishly as Nolan.
0.75 Inception is an elegant, portentous ride, though I'm not sure Nolan is any closer to visualizing the real (dream) deal than Hitchcock was.
1.0 While the mind-bending story might not be as cerebral as it seems, it completely envelops us
1.0 Watching Inception is like striking a match and setting your brain on fire.
0.875 In this wildly ingenious chess game, grandmaster Nolan plants ideas in our heads that disturb and dazzle. The result is a knockout. But be warned: Inception dreams big.
0.875 At first, Inception left me cold, feeling as if I'd just eavesdropped on somebody's bad acid trip. Now I find I can't get the film out of my mind, which is really the whole point of it, isn't it?
1.0 So now I've watched Inception, had my mind splattered all over the theater just like I knew it would be, and I still don't really know what it's about. That's just how amazing this movie is.
1.0 Can a summer blockbuster with a multi-million dollar budget really be this smart, moving and intellectually thrilling? Pinch yourselves, we could still be dreaming.
0.9 The next step in [Christopher] Nolan's evolution as one of the master filmmakers of our time ... combines the jaw-dropping action of The Dark Knight with the ingenious plotting of Memento.
1.0 You will no doubt need to see Inception more than once to appreciate every nuance of Nolan's carefully balanced ambiguities - but, more importantly, you will also want to.
1.0 Mind-bending and time-twisting, it's the most exciting thrill-ride of the summer.
1.0 The visuals, with their sweeping grey-blue Gotham-like cityscapes and preference for real-life stunts over computer trickery, are jaw-past-yer-knees outstanding.
0.8 A film erupting with ideas, ambition and intelligence, one that credits the viewer with the capacity for some mental heavy lifting.
1.0 It is hugely impressive that, given what was at stake, Nolan has managed to not only pull this out of the bag, but to absolutely nail it. The film is as all-encompassing as the concept of its title: grand, epic, smart and unforgettable.
1.0 With physics-defying, thunderous action, heart-wringing emotion and an astonishing performance from DiCaprio, Nolan delivers another true original: welcome to an undiscovered country.
0.95 Nolan's most personal and daring film, "Inception" contains some of Nolan's most innovative ideas since "Memento." It's also his most successful movie in terms of being able to fully realize every nuance of such a rich concept.
1.0 Inception could very well be Nolan's masterpiece.
0.9 Inception doesn't just dream bigger than most movies even dare, but it leaves the audience feeling inspired to do the same.
1.0 I expected a lot,but still walked out hypnotized. Here's a movie that's 3 steps ahead of you, on 4 different levels, at 5 blinding speeds. Best of 2010 thus far. (No Spoilers)
1.0 A wildly entertaining and dazzling mind-trip not to be missed. Kubrick would have been proud.
1.0 Inception is a masterpiece. Making a huge film with big ambitions, Christopher Nolan never missteps and manages to create a movie that, at times, feels like a miracle.
0.6 Too ludicrous to take seriously, yet too po-faced to laugh at, it sacrifices wit and energy for intensity.
0.75 Rarely do you find a modern reboot that has the power to satisfy fans of a revered franchise while simultaneously grabbing audiences unfamiliar with the original and kicking them in the teeth.
0.25 Maybe I am just getting too old for this stuff.
0.5 Evil Dead owes everything to its predecessor, and [director Fede] Alvarez never tries to hide that fact, even when his movie feels painfully redundant.
0.6 The filmmakers behind this Evil Dead remake have completely missed what made Sam Raimi's original film work so well, opting instead for a typical horror bloodbath that fails to differentiate itself.
0.7 An (extremely) blood good time that will likely please horror fans.
0.6 Alvarez does show some directorial flair but this is not as frightening as it would like to believe it is, nor as interesting.
0.75 The film is about nothing more than Alvarez devising amusingly fiendish ways of freaking out audiences.
0.6 Alvarez doesn't succeed in making Evil Dead terrifying, but he does make it as prodigiously intense and gory for our time as the original was for its own.
0.6 A spookily effective remake of the ultra-low budget 1981 cult horror classic by Sam Raimi, the gore and blood is so plentiful here it even falls from the sky...A must for fans, Evil Dead also affirms horror as the most remake-friendly genre going.
0.5 Fernandez's film falls most flat, as Raimi's Dead pics are full of comedy, whether Three-Stooges-indebted or just plain black and gross-out, while this rethink is monotonously serious - and really a bit evilly dull at times.
0.5 I will always appreciate a horror flick that introduces novel and inventive ways to dispatch of its cast. But the frights are almost totally absent. So what are we even doing here?
0.6 Alvarez seems to know where to pay tribute to the original... but he also knows where to depart... Overall, his new movie packs a punch.
0.2 If Hollywood is having trouble with deciding who its 'war and terror' enemies are, that's nothing compared with its crisis in horror.
0.4 All the requisite blood and gits but not much else to offer by way of entertainment.
0.6 Using the very latest Cern-tested atom interferometry, we can reveal that Evil Dead is precisely, exactly - in the coldest atomic terms -the film that you were expecting.
0.7 Remaking an iconic classic is dangerous business, even if the original filmmakers are on board as producers, but at least Uruguayan writer-director Alvarez has a few clever ideas up his sleeve.
0.4 Happy days for those who love this sort of thing. But Raimi's effort, perhaps because we hadn't seen the plot before, was infinitely more scary.
0.8 This could easily have been the best demon possession film released in decades. Instead it is just a very effective, still-terrifying, evil retread.
0.4 There's no suspense, and it isn't scary.
0.6 The characters are forgettable but the horror they suffer lingers in the memory, for good or ill.
0.6 A full-bloodedly grisly and macabre film that zaps over a few scares.
0.4 Anonymous, forgettable and doesn't hold a candle to the brilliant original.
0.8 I was left clamping my hand to my open jaw, not so much in terror, more in shocked hilarity at how grand the guignol was willing to go.
0.6 Well made and delivers buckets of the red stuff, but it's hampered by poorly developed characters, a lack of humour and a tendency to substitute gore for actual scares.
0.8 Sam Raimi's horror classic gets a terrifying and intense rebirth for the 21st century.
0.6 Despite much old-school splatter, it's seldom frightening and oddly unfunny.
0.8 Alvarez adopts the film language of Raimi's films, adds more to the bag of tricks, and keeps the sardonic attitude without necessarily being slapstick.
0.4 Lacking Raimi's transgressive invention and wit, there really are some things that man should not meddle with.
0.6 At its best, manages to recapture the original's hardcore nastiness. It could certainly do with laughing at itself a bit more, though.
0.8 A must-see for horror fans, Evil Dead is great fun from start to finish and establishes the basis for a rejuvenated franchise that could fuse with past demon defiance rather than overwrite them.
0.5 Comparisons to the original are inevitable yet the filmmakers deserve the right for this to be judged of its own accord and it's not a terrible movie.
0.5 No matter how you slice it, it's a kind of horror wind-up toy: Once you set it in motion, it's going to do the same thing it always does. This one's no different.
0.55 Well...I didn't hate it.
0.6 A big, spewing slab of gory, red meat entertainment, carved out with all the delicacy of a sputtering chainsaw, for fans a horror movie classic that just refuses to die.
0.6 Rather overt about its intentions to replace the campfire story creepiness of [the original] with over-the-top gore effects and a truly unfortunate reliance on jump scares.
0.1 If you watched the first film's vine attack and went, 'You know what this needs? This needs to be more like hentai.' If you thought that, then this film is for you.
0.875 Enjoy but be warned: you might need a tetanus shot and stitches just watching it.
0.875 By the time the last excruciatingly spilled blood drips, Evil Dead stakes its claim as a worthy remake of Sam Raimi's 1981 horror classic.
0.5 ...a disappointingly run-of-the-mill horror effort that remains a far cry from Raimi's superior predecessor...
0.8 While staying true to the spirit of low-budget horror, Alvarez also brings a visual elegance to even the most gruesome of sights, from a puss-engorged hand being possessed by a demon, to the minutiae of being buried alive
0.625 Even as a huge fan of The Evil Dead, it's impossible to wholeheartedly embrace this one when just last year we were treated to a cabin-in-the-woods yarn -- The Cabin in the Woods, of course -- that carried on Raimi's legacy far better than this film does.
0.25 I think they really lost me when evil enters our heroine through her vajayjay (you can't unsee that).
0.8 It's easily the goriest, goopiest, most visceral, bloody and violent movie I've seen with an R rating. But that's the point, and it was a lot of fun to watch.
0.75 ... an all-out, balls-to-the-wall fright fest with allusions to The Exorcist, early Cronenberg, REC and Texas Chainsaw Massacre ... Raimi sans the laughter.
0.7 The minute you see the electric knife slicing into some bloody roast beef, you know The Evil Dead is piercing the right vein of genre horror.
0.9 Fede Alvarez loudly proclaims "THIS IS MY BOOMSTICK" and delivers a horror remake which defies the Gods by almost challenging the quality of Evil Dead itself - keyword, almost.
0.75 Not everyone will want to spend money on a ticket to nausea, of course, but you can't fault a director for achieving precisely what he set out to do, even if it mainly revolves around dismemberment.
0.5 This flesh-rending retread simply doesn't recapture the ferocious energy of the low-budget fright-fest that set Sam Raimi down the yellow brick road to Hollywood.
0.5 You're better off giving Raimi's original another spin.
0.875 An uncompromising, hardcore, balls-to-the-wall fright flick.
0.72 For those unfamiliar with the original films, this latest Evil Dead serves well enough as a neatly packaged, delightfully repulsive gore fest.
0.625 As is the rule for modern horror movies, the violence and language are uglier than before, but the people are a lot prettier.
0.5 A gore fest that's just effective enough to whet fans' appetite for a sequel, even as it kills everyone else's appetite for dinner.
0.7 Remakes don't get much better than Evil Dead - in terms of revitalizing the franchise and servicing both veteran and newcomer viewers.
0.7 It's a remake so the chopping, slashing and mutilating isn't as much fun as Sam Raimi's 1981 original, but it looks more realistic. If this crap is your thing, enjoy.
0.75 The original is of course better, but this remake delivers the gore in a big way.
0.625 There's no break from the intense gore and horror, no ironic wink; Evil Dead is the basic nightmare tale of five doomed individuals trapped in a cabin by an evil entity. And where's the fun in that?
0.6 That hope for a creative spark has allowed audiences to overlook the notable flaws of Alvarez's film. I get it. I want to love it too. But there are times where it's so hard to do so.
0.8 The very satisfying result is a lovingly crafted, chaotically loud noise-symphony conducted in honor of evisceration, agony, vomit and other gnarly delights.
1.0 Bloody, disgusting, dark, scary and all with just a very small hint of that classic Raimi slapstick, the new Evil Dead delivers what you'd expect in spades and then goes beyond to both gross you out and kick some butt.
0.5 Sure, this is a higher-budget re-tread. But a remake shouldn't exist simply to ramp up the graphic violence, even if special effects have improved immeasurably in the past 30 years.
0.4 Without an appealing, charismatic lead, this remake is pretty vacant.
0.4 It can boast of some truly extraordinary special effects, but this Evil Dead is far more gruesome than awesome.
0.625 So long as you grit your teeth and keep your eyes on the screen, it's an enjoyable, if almost academic, exercise in bad taste.
0.75 It's a fun spookshow - if chainsaw violence is your idea of fun - but it's sure not my "The Evil Dead." But that's OK. It's someone else's, now.
0.75 Alvarez is relentless in his pacing, delivering blow upon blow with so much breathless gusto that you don't know whether to scream, vomit or laugh maniacally.
0.6 In memory of beloved horror-booster Roger Ebert I'm gonna give it one hideously mangled tongues-up.
0.375 [A] geek show masquerading as horror.
0.75 It might not be "Cabin in the Woods," but this cabin in the woods nevertheless holds a sharp-toothed bite.
0.4 A 2013 Evil Dead should have a healthy dose of self-awareness and adrenaline. This movie lacks both.
0.875 not just a taste of the old religion, it's really pretty great.
0.875 Evil Dead for True Horror Fans Only
0.7 Lacks the puckish cleverness of the original films, and if it stood on its own I doubt it'd spawn the same following. But it's not bad as run-of-the-mill horror goes.
0.7 What this "Evil Dead" gets most right is its tone, paying homage yet staking its own territory; it's scary without being downbeat, fun without being too jokey.
0.5 The new "Evil Dead" has none of the first movie's handmade charm or hilarity, intentional or otherwise.
0.75 While it's impossible to surpass the original - so much of its fame is a function of its time - Alvarez's version still manages to measure up.
0.7 This Evil Dead is polished and meticulously planned, and it benefits from the attention to detail as well as from Alvarez's obvious love for the spirit of the source material.
0.5 Bloody havoc? Check. Exuberant gore? Check. Fun? Meh.
0.5 It's not scary. It's not shocking. It just wallows in viscera.
0.9 It may not be the return of Ash that everyone wants, but in terms of taking an honored original and reimagining it for a post-millennial audience, this remake rocks.
0.875 This blood-soaked remake improves on its cheeky source material, paying homage while establishing its own identity for younger horror fans who never knew there was an earlier "Evil Dead."
0.6 Whether you think it's a good movie will depend largely upon your stomach for gruesome violence. Then again, if you are going to see a movie called "Evil Dead," you're probably going to be OK.
0.375 "Evil Dead" turns Raimi's homemade horror treat into a professional-looking, overscripted bore.
0.5 It's never truly scary, but it is spectacularly disgusting, so if that turns you on, prepare to be thrilled beyond measure.
0.6 [This] is an efficient, exceedingly grisly horror film that goes places that Raimi could only dream of in the '80s ... Yet, without the low-rent cheesiness ... that made the originals so enjoyable, [it] becomes a numbing exercise in overkill.
0.375 Call this Evil Dead "Dead Serious," with actors who read cliches with all the conviction of a cast on a bad soap opera.
0.6 Alvarez is primarily interested in upping his corpse count, in the most gruesome ways imaginable. In this, he is undeniably successful. He also establishes an effectively breathless pace, and weaves in a steady stream of fan-friendly references.
0.25 If it hadn't been my paying job as a critic to watch Fede Alvarez's remake of Evil Dead all the way to the end, I probably would have headed for the exit door long before the point where somebody cuts off her own arm with an electric carving knife.
0.5 The Evil Dead was an absolute blast. Evil Dead is just a well-made gross-out, and it's kind of a bummer.
0.625 There are two types of people in the world. Those who should under no circumstances see the horror sequel/reboot Evil Dead and those who just gotta see it.
0.625 The whole purpose behind this remake seems to be the same one behind many horror films these days: to throw as many buckets of blood around on the screen as you possibly can.
0.6 Evil Dead, however, accomplishes what it sets out to do: Scare viewers silly and uphold a tradition.
0.8 Dark and nasty. More of a companion piece to Raimi's original than an all-out remake. Very well done. Not for the faint of heart.
0.75 For fans of hard-core horror, "Evil Dead" definitely delivers.
0.75 From beginning to end, this reconfigured "Evil Dead" feels as if it were made by people who know exactly what fans of this sort of movie are looking for.
0.7 That speedy camera-through-the-woods rampaging demon effect still thrills three decades later.
0.75 The setup and geography are consistent with the original, though the film never makes the mistake of trying to rebottle the lightning that electrified Sam Raimi's movie.
0.5 A dead end.
0.5 The really scary thing about Fede Alvarez's Evil Dead is its failure to shock. Are we all now completely desensitized to movie horror?
0.5 You can't remake a sense of humor. Alvarez may well have one, but it'll have to wait for the next project.
0.7 For all of his movie's predictability, director Fede Alvarez finds several ways to increase the creep factor, largely by playing the scares straight and sticking to an unabashedly old-school approach.
0.25 I'm bored to death and sick to death of movies that seem to have one goal: How can we gross out the audience by torturing nearly every major character in the movie?
0.375 Brings nothing to the table but more money and more gore.
0.5 ...for a film about demonic possession it is surprisingly soulless.
0.7 Better than most horror remakes, but it's hardly an improvement, and I sincerely hope it's not the most terrifying film you will ever experience.
0.75 ...a blatant allegory in which drug addiction stands in for demonic possession (and vice versa).
0.75 The film has a load of hallmarks which nod to the 1981 original, but takes some evry different twists and turns. It lacks some of that movie's personality, and it's not as scary as one might expect, but still a bloody good time at the movies.
0.8 It's a credit to the talents of Alvarez that this gore and violence is a feast for the eyes without seeming unnecessary.
0.6 Fire-and-brimstone teaser sequence notwithstanding, Fede Alvarez's slick, hard-R remake of the 1981 cult horror hit by Sam Raimi takes its sweet, tedious time getting going.
0.8 The most fun I've had all year trying not to vomit.
0.625 Relentless, pitiless, but not much fun.
0.6 Evil Dead has ample cheap shocks and few bloodcurdling frights but it builds to something gorily bravura and, if that's your bag, you'll come away satisfied.
0.6 Beyond the basic plot and the return of a few of the most well-known sight gags from the first two Evil Dead films, it is generally its own animal.
0.7 Unlike Raimi's classic original, it won't be remembered in 30 years time, but it is amongst the best horror remakes of the last decade.
0.6 The whole endeavour invites a sure feeling of pointlessness, but it's as beautifully shot and gore-soaked as these retreads come.
0.9 While it doesn't exactly reinvent the wheel, this new take on the Evil Dead is every bit as good as Sam Raimi's originals, and praise doesn't get much higher than that.
0.8 Evil Dead lacks the humor and sub-genre-launching power of the original, but it's a solid remake that is definitely worth watching, even and especially if you are a fan of the original.
0.8 It's gross and creepy and unpredictable and precisely the sort of horror movie your mother would probably hate. Honors the original and then some.
0.8 Manages to carve out its own distinct and memorable place in the history of this franchise. With a chainsaw.
0.625 Resting firmly on this relentless pacing, Vengeance becomes obsessed with the lasting effect of vengeance on the traditional machinations of plot and character.
0.75 Few directors make ac tion movies with the pizazz of Hong Kong's Johnnie To...
0.8 Both newcomers to Mr. To and longtime admirers should be prepared for a master class in directing.
0.8 You need to be one helluva director to pull off using kids' stickers as a climactic plot point; this auteur makes it look like child's play.
0.75 Veteran Hong Kong filmmaker To mixes the grand gestures of John Woo with the tactics of Christopher Nolan's Memento; the result ranges from the silly to the sublime.
0.875 A formula thriller done as an elegant genre exercise.
0.5 ...the movie doesn't entirely go off the rails until the first major shoot-out rolls around...
0.5 If indeed there is anything surprising about this cliche-packed genre fare, it's the degree to which To and his screenwriter Wai Ka-Fai are prepared to indulge their flair for the ludicrous.
0.8 The Great Magician is an undeniably charming and whimsical Chinese fantasy that captures your imagination with little effort.
0.4 Watch this and you'll wonder why Hollywood persists with haunted house horrors when they've literally been done to death. Perhaps setting one in a rip-off bank would give us some much needed change.
0.4 Not a truly terrible film, just completely underwhelming and anonymous.
0.4 Obtuse characters, flimsy narrative and an over-reliance on horror cliches.
0.1 Much like Toni Morrison's acclaimed novel Beloved, this horror film explores the legacy of slavery and -- just kidding.
0.5 The Haunting in Connecticut 2: Ghosts of Georgia is a good time killer and perfect for a rainy day inside
0.5 The Haunting In Connecticut 2: Ghosts of Georgia is just as tired a haunting film as its predecessor, failing to signify itself as a uniquely entertaining horror experience.
0.2 Ultimately nothing more than a decrepit vehicle for the moldiest of scary-movie cliches: screechy specters, inane character behavior and jump scares that a toddler could anticipate minutes ahead of time.
0.4 Credibly acted and hardly much worse than the original, but just as bereft of atmosphere and by-the-numbers.
0.5 An hour of miscellaneous visions that will make more sense once Act II lurches to a close and we finally get to the good stuff.
0.4 The filmmakers trot out slavery as a general sins-of-the-past signifier and then have no idea what to really do with such a painful real-world issue.
0.77 Maybe if they had concentrated on the temporal pleasures Johnny would gain from the bargain rather than the eternal torment part, he might have been more likely to sign.
0.5 If I were the boss of IMAX, I'd be more concerned with the film's overall failure degrading the brand than anything else.
0.375 "Haunted Castle" is a virtual "Haunted House." Something you might pay three to ten bucks to check out in the neighborhood, but with less creepy ghouls.
0.8 The problem with the film, more than anything, is getting beyond the idea of it not being Bogie and Bacall up there on the screen.
0.53 A strange mix of Cape Fear, Somewhere in Time and From Hell.
0.3 If you've ever been curious to see what Jason Voorhees would look like if he were played by a supermodel, this one's worth a look
0.0 It occurs to me in all honesty that if you rent this thing you deserve what you get.
0.3 The scenes of violence are fake to the point where they might as well have been using Muppets.
0.6 Above average coming of age story.
0.4 A movie that says we might as well pack it in as soon as we turn 18 is more bitter than bittersweet.
0.8 The film has a lot of nice little touches going for it, and while there are the obligatory moments of heartstring plucking underscored by the stir of violins, it never really overdoes things. The only problem is, it's just been so done already.
0.4 You'll still come away from Hearts in Atlantis wanting to read the book, but had Hicks and Goldman got it right, you would've run straight from the cinema to buy it.
0.6 While this film has the potential to be either a heartwarming coming-of-age story or a tense psychological thriller, it doesn't really achieve either goal.
0.75 Hopkins continues to turn in one lackluster performance after another.
0.6 It could have been something special; instead it is run-of-the-mill.
0.75 Una cinta tierna y emocionante por momentos...pero no termina por convencer.
0.6 ...minor shortcomings come in its overused setting, slightly lackadaisical pace, and mildly unresolved conclusion, small matters if the movie puts you under its spell.
0.875 The elegiac, reflective mood is treated almost incidentally, letting it earn a reaction naturally
0.75 I will not deny that it left me with a very nice feeling throughout.
0.875 As I write this review, I find myself growing nostalgic for the film. I want to walk away from my computer and see it again right now. It's just that good.
0.5 A stock tale of mentorship and coming-of-age during one of those eventful summers that only seem to exist in movies.
0.625 plays as if it were a rough cut of preliminary scenes that lacks the cohesion that might bring them together into a complete story
0.6 Audiences with an appreciation or even a tolerance of this genre will find this to be above average.
0.5 Hicks ... coats the film in a bogus idyllic mist that substitutes cheap sentiment for blunt truth.
0.4 Falls squarely into the near miss category.
0.5 Hearts In Atlantis takes way too much time getting to the point ... and it never seems to figure out exactly what that point is.
0.75 If nostalgia was all this film is about, it wouldn't be worth much. It is more than that.
0.5 In the end, though, the film feels cheap and used up -- like watching a two-hour Hallmark special.
0.8 A precious respite from the postmodern era and all that it entails.
0.5 Unabashedly sentimental, it's meant to touch our hearts in profound and important ways, but misses the mark by drawing too deeply from a pool of schmaltz.
0.625 All that early promise goes for naught when the picture approaches the final act, whereupon the various mysteries yield solutions that prove to be silly or sentimental or both.
0.8 The film offers genuine rewards, particularly its understanding of the crossroads that lead a child to adulthood.
0.875 Rarely does a movie make you feel so warm and so uneasy at the same time.
0.0 A nostalgic fiasco so shameless it makes movies like Simon Birch and Frequency seem as austere as the work of Robert Bresson.
0.8 Movie lovers who leave their expectations at the door and treasure fascinating characters and superb acting are in for a treat.
0.8 Hicks, whose style did not enhance Snow Falling on Cedars, proves to be a good match for this material.
0.6 Purports to show the incalculable impact a mentor can have on a child, but offers a contradictory message through its depiction of the adult version of that child.
0.625 It's not a royal failure, but it is less than Kingly.
0.625 Its heart is certainly in the right place, but its head makes some misjudgments.
0.625 The film version plays like a series of three underdeveloped subplots in search of a movie
0.75 (Has) that same energy and sentimental allure which has made Stephen King's softer side such a rich source for utterly engrossing cinema.
0.625 For me, the turgid pace and uneven writing muted any appreciation I might have of what it offers.
0.625 Packs a hearty punch, bringing to mind the wonder and magic of childhood as so spiritedly stirred in King's earlier but still better "Stand By Me."
0.625 Noble yet vague, Hearts in Atlantis is slight yet beautiful to look at.
0.6 The story and characters feel fake and schematic.
0.625 In the battle of style versus substance, it's style by a head.
1.0 After having our hearts ripped from us; Hearts in Atlantis miraculously sets them beating again.
0.75 A heartwarming coming-of-age pic that prompts its audience to recall the golden days of joyful youth.
0.75 A lovingly crafted, nostalgia-filled walk through memory lane.
0.5 Overall, this film provides for solid acting, a fun soundtrack and wonderful atmosphere, but very little of resonance or freshness.
0.625 Hearts in Atlantis has a lot going for it -- including Sir Anthony Hopkins and some great cinematography. But for a nostalgia movie, it is entirely too forgettable.
0.8 The acting is solid from everyone.
0.75 The late Piotr Sobocinski's cinematography of Bobby and Carol at a local carnival park is sheer magic.
0.6 0.4
0.8 Any Cassavetes is worthwhile viewing
0.6 More than any other recent film I can think of, Gloria is a movie that depends on the mood you're in when you see it.
0.8 One of Cassavetes' most accessible and involving movies.
0.3 John Cassavetes made some iffy movies during his career, but none is worse than the original Gloria.
0.75 Tough, sweet, and goofy.
0.8 0.6
0.6 A teen horror film with grown-up violence.
0.4 A misfire on a classic remake.
0.6 The original was far better.
1.0 One almost never says that a SECOND remake is worth a dang, but this is that very rare exception to prove the rule.
0.8 A very effective horror remake that's driven by character rather than cheap shocks.
0.6 Okay remake. Might have been better is screenwriter Stuart Gordon had directed.
0.8 One of the creepiest and most overlooked horror movies made in the past decade, featuring a strong, scary turn by Meg Tilly.
0.6 Won't ever challenge Siegel's or Kaufman's versions, but it's a pretty worthwhile adaptation for fans of Jack Finney's source material.
0.6 Instead of really being scary, the film made me think of something that has troubled me since: don't movie characters watch movies?
0.625 How much you appreciate the film will largely depend on how effective you feel its big revelation is.
0.7 ...boasts a suffocating atmosphere and a disjointed storyline that turns the screws on your nerves while leaving you to puzzle over the plot
1.0 It's truly a masterpiece in the end.
0.7 This is a carefully structured film about grief and guilt, as well as horror. They don't resolve every disturbing moment or confusing element: they leave some questions hauntingly unanswered.
0.7 I like what it's trying to do -- use a ghost story surface to tell a tale of guilt, blame, and madness -- but was disappointed in the conventional tactics it used.
0.375 ...yet another pointless, interminably paced Asian horror flick that's inexplicably garnered heaps of praise and adulation...
0.8 There's more rank dread and inscrutable mystery in any one scene of this South Korean psychological thriller than in all the American horror films of the past 10 years.
0.6 Well-tread territory.
0.75 Even at its most maddening and cute, the elaborate interplay between hallucination and reality rewards attention.
0.75 There's a reason why Hollywood has been so busy in recent years remaking Asian horror movies. Scare for scare, they're generally better.
0.75 It may not be a pretty picture, but A Tale of Two Sisters is definitely a satisfying piece of less-is-more cinematic horror.
0.625 The gorgeous slow-moving cinematography by Lee Mogae is remarkable.
0.625 Fans of the genre will find much to savor with A Tale of Two Sisters.
0.75 This one makes you sweat.
0.75 The film seems unnecessarily vague on a rational level, but it's spot-on as a psychological study of a twinlike sibling relationship, and the ways in which memory can suppress trauma and soothe a mourning soul.
0.75 There's no denying the eye for hypnotic imagery employed by writer-director Ji-woon Kim and cinematographer Mo-gae Lee.
1.0 That feeling of laden Victoriana oozes not just from the opulent settings, but from the sexual leviathans coiling and uncoiling in the subtext.
0.25 We aren't meant to understand the story fully until the film's closing minutes, so the shocks and suggestions come in a muddled context.
0.7 Like a fairy tale set in a haunted house, this terrifying psychological horror yarn from Korea preys upon deep-rooted fears of adolescence, insanity and evil stepparents while scaring the bejabbers out of us.
0.75 [Kim] creates stunning images ripe with meaning.
0.5 Murky and pretty near incomprehensible.
0.8 The creepy visuals, the slow-burning tension, the meticulous pauses for effect, and the staggered trail of clues and revelations inexorably draw the viewer in.
0.6 A somber reflection on memory, adolescence and mourning.
0.8 A tour de force of psychological horror at its creepiest.
0.75 Quite restrained for what's basically a horror movie, and very well acted.
0.5 When all is finally revealed, it becomes clear that the stylish spookiness was its own slim reward.
0.9 Classic horror in the vein of Hitchcock, Argento and Miike...the scariest film in years!
0.8 a delirious melange of styles that absorbs us for two solid hours
0.75 It's a stunningly creepy specimen of Asian horror.
0.875 Plays like a gorgeous painting hanging in a gloomy gallery -- you stand in front of one corner, mesmerized by turquoise wallpaper or a burgundy rug, then a fleeting movement in another corner draws you over.
0.625 Unnervingly conflates fairytale lore with the angst of adolescent sexual development.
0.6 More deliberately paced than even the most deliberately paced Asian horror movie and twice as complex.
0.8 Masterfully manipulative and bloody scary.
0.8 Dark, dreadful, and utterly disturbing, it's a remarkable modern fairy story.
0.7 Haunting presences, inexplicable cutaways, overwhelming suspense, deeply disturbing sub-themes and a general willingness to leave things unanswered. Fantastic!
0.8 An intricate, rather beautiful dance of momentum and force.
0.75 A perfectly entertaining, exciting, and competently made action thriller, [but] it can't help but be somewhat of a letdown.
0.6 Travolta is camp, but the action is cool in true John Woo style.
0.4 too long, too loud, too silly
0.75 Directed with the keen action instincts Woo brought to The Killer, Hard-Boiled and other cult causes from his career in Hong Kong.
0.7 What Van Sant's film does, tremendously well, is make the material foreign again.
0.4 Psycho doesn't do much for Van Sant, and he doesn't do much for Psycho.
0.4 Vaughn's Norman Bates is much inferior because he lacks the natural neurosis of Anthony Perkins.
0.5 The movie doesn't stink. The performances are good, potentially great, especially Vince Vaughn as Norman Bates, but he owns a scene just for doing that psychotic giggle of his.
0.4 Personally, I found the remake weaker than the original (which was only vaguely interesting anyway; then again, it's pretty much the same movie).
0.375 franky it sucks
0.625 Gus Vant Sant has remade Alfred Hitchcock's classic slasher film with so much reverence and so little originality that it is not clear what the point is.
0.7 It's surprising to note that this film, mostly well-acted, is somewhat lacking on the technical side, which is what Hollywood usually does best these days.
0.75 Predictably, it's (almost) the exact same film, but I wouldn't say that it's a pointless enterprise.
0.2 It's not so much that this movie didn't need to be made. The real tragedy is that a group of enormously talented people wasted several months of their lives when together they could have done something fresh and exciting and original.
0.6 Gus Van Sant assumiu um trabalho ingrato: quando as cenas funcionam, em seu filme, a responsabilidade e de Hitchcock. Quando falham, a culpa e sua.
0.25 An utterly empty technical achievement.
0.7 What scared audiences then will almost certainly strike kids raised on the unholy trinity of Michael, Jason and Freddy as quaint and slow.
0.4 Van Sant's pseudo-Xerox is flat, mannered and often downright boring!
0.5 Es mejor que las nuevas generaciones vayan a la tienda de videos y renten la version original
0.375 Vince Vaughn is probably the best person you can get to fill Anthony Perkins' shoes; he can be one of America's best film stars one day, and that is evident in the way he treats his character on screen.
0.5 Whereas the original was fascinating and shocking, the reconstruction is bland and lifeless.
0.2 Vince Vaughn's Norman Bates is about as terrifying as a tranquilized dachshund.
0.625 Less a remake and more a scene-by-scene reconstruction, with all of the original dialogue intact.
0.5 It is only because of a few elements of original creativity that Van Sant and the rest should be saved from eternal film damnation.
0.75 This gutsy cinematic experiment is more than just a curiosity. It's an intelligent homage (at times even a spoof) and still a bit of a hand-wringer, even though pop culture has spoiled all the surprises.
0.5 Having all of this distinctly '60s material played out by '90s performers in living color makes for a film that feels jarringly anachronistic...
0.875 Is this film better than the original? The answer is no, not quite, but to my shock, it is just about as good of a remake as could have possibly been expected.
0.6 There's nothing exactly wrong with Vaughn's performance, which is edgy and scary. Vaughn simply can't help the fact that physically, he is completely wrong for the role.
0.875 Vaughn, from the outset, seems like a loose cannon, a nut case, a psycho. Unlike Anthony Perkins who, at first, appeared as a shy mama's boy, Vaughn adds an extra layer of menace to his Norman that renders Van Sant's film a bit a-kilter.
0.6 The one actor who stood out from the pack was definitely the rising star of the year, Vince Vaughn, who took Anthony Perkins' superb original performance, and added his own macabre touch of surrealism.
0.75 Vaughn and Heche bring energy and freshness to the parts originated by Anthony Perkins and Janet Leigh. Heche is so good, in fact, and so frisky and watchable in her role, that after her grisly demise in the shower you miss her for a long time.
0.75 Though some hard-core fans of the original may scoff at anything that tries to compete, Van Sant's version of Psycho is actually pretty good.
0.6 Since this is a virtual shot-by-shot, line-by-line remake of the original masterpiece, it's like watching a new version of a Shakespeare play. Think about it.
0.7 A worthy experiment!
0.6 Maybe in 50 years, Gus Van Sant's Psycho will be the classic that needs protection from upstart filmmakers.
0.375 This is a lifeless, workmanlike project; all tension has been leeched away. Also, it's in color.
0.375 The movie is an invaluable experiment in the theory of cinema, because it demonstrates that a shot-by-shot remake is pointless; genius apparently resides between or beneath the shots, or in chemistry that cannot be timed or counted.
0.5 It's so slavishly similar to its predecessor -- right down to the symbolic lettering on Marion's license plates -- that there's little to spark fresh discussion except the acting.
0.2 Even with its surreal shot-for-shot sense of recreation, what we wind up with here is hubris meshed with an affront to every genre fan's sense of propriety.
0.375 It retains little of the frights and the material feels surprisingly dated.
0.5 As Norman Bates, Vince Vaughn makes us better appreciate how much Anthony Perkins brought to the original project.
0.625 With the vibrant colour photography, we find ourselves getting caught up in the style, and so instead of atmosphere being added, all that happens is attention being detracted. Perhaps they should have recreated the period of the original film.
0.5 Even with Hitchcock's shot list and a visual record of the crime, Van Sant can't come up with anything more than a wan tribute to the master, proving it takes more than a good storyboard to make a film work.
0.6 Vince Vaughn simply does not convey Norman's inner madness with Anthony Perkins's elan, nor can Viggo Mortensen, who comes across as somehow eccentric, match the undeviating John Gavin in the 1960 work.
0.5 On the whole, the remake is just about, but not quite as good as the original Psycho.
0.69 There's nothing really wrong here, but it all seems uninspired.
0.75 If some concessions to Indian cinema convention don't work, that's compensated by still-suspenseful and involving storyline and the committed performances by the actors.
0.6 Jimenez has certainly chosen the best mob flicks to emulate, but The Connection works best when charting its own course.
0.8 A very compelling true crime tale. Like the flipside of THE FRENCH CONNECTION.
0.5 A fascinating true-crime story gets a flat, formulaic treatment in The Connection. Where's the jolting, no-holds-barred energy of Popeye Doyle when you need it?
1.0 The story of how to become a new, better, more whole self... There is nothing less tragic than that.
1.0 Kieslowski...implies, not for the first or last time, a form of divine intervention or destiny at work... [Blu-ray]
1.0 Binoche's performance is brilliantly understated, and she conveys with minimal dialogue and outward affectation a woman who is internally in turmoil
0.75 Director Krzysztof Kieslowski's noted visual style is amply on display: images are transformed from the familiar into the unearthly, with a sense of dislocation permeating the whole.
1.0 Juliette Binoche stars in Blue, which was once considered the weakest of the trilogy but holds up better than one would have suspected.
0.8 In Blue, the first of the Three Color Trilogy, Polish filmmaker Kieslowski tackled unabashedly spiritual and existential issues through the graceful presence of French actress Juliette Binoche.
0.8 I was moved and touched by all three, and continue to ponder which is my favourite (but lately I'm thinking 'Blue.')
0.875 A fascinating mood piece.
1.0 As the French might say, "Se manifique.'
0.875 Peter Jackson's Lord of the Rings trilogy is shaping up to be an admirable exercise in interconnected cinema, but for a truly transcendent experiment in this vein, it's hard to top Krzysztof Kieslowski's dazzling trio from 1993-94.
0.8 slow and difficult, and to some extent, that's what Kieslowski wanted
0.875 A powerful motion picture.
0.875 A challenge to the imagination.
0.8 Blue is a movie that engages the mind, challenges the senses, implores a resolution, and tells, with aesthetic grace and formal elegance, a good story and a political allegory.
0.8 A complex and fascinating character study of grief, directed with a mesmerizing grace.
0.6 Deftly strips away the phoniness of a big-budget studio production.
0.375 It's watchable but absolutely no big deal, although you wouldn't know that from the drum-heavy score, so loud and militaristic that someone could reuse it for a documentary about the Battle of the Bulge.
0.8 Like a bullet train, the French thriller "The Prey" is a model of breathless efficiency, its stuffed cargo of chases, brawls and twists delivered with admirable speed.
0.625 [A] sharp if dramatically underwhelming French thriller ...
0.7 It's no insult to say that it doesn't aspire to art-house significance, just to white-knuckled entertainment.
0.625 Loopy, dumb, and entertaining ...
0.75 A slick, suspenseful adrenalin rush disguised as unexpected, nerve-wracking fun.
0.6 The closer we get to a climax (and the more that absurd reversals keep getting piled on), the less effective Dupontel's brutish charisma is in keeping things interesting and afloat.
0.75 A trim and exciting beach-read of a movie.
0.4 Sweeping landscape shots and the reliable presence of Sergi Lopez, here playing a scarred private investigator, can't distract from the cliches of a particularly dim-witted script.
0.4 A rough diamond con on the trail of a serial killer can't outrun this French thriller's weight of familiarity.
0.4 Fast and furious, but also dull and derivative.
0.4 A film that might, in America, star Jason Statham or even Steven Seagal.
0.8 Andrei Tarkovsky's epic inquiry into freedom and faith presents an arduous journey for the spectator, but conjures up its own mystical universe with majestic conviction.
0.8 Seminal feature from Tarkovsky, the master of atmosphere and multi-functional allegory is truly affecting, as well as fodder for countless film studies curricula.
1.0 There is no easy watching to be gained here, but nor is this a hard slog -- each scene is beautifully crafted, painting a vivid and fascinating picture of Tarkovsky's vision.
0.8 A vast prose-poem on celluloid whose forms and ideas were to be borrowed by moviemakers like Lynch and Spielberg.
0.875 [It] has enough hauntingly beautiful images and profound ideas to linger in one's mind.
1.0 A tangled knot of memories, fears, fantasies, nightmares, paradoxical impulses, and a yearning for something that's simultaneously beyond our reach and yet intrinsic to every one of us.
0.8 Tarkovsky majestically creates through editing rather than special effects the unstable universe of the Zone, and amidst the grime and the destruction, summons up moments of pure magic.
0.91 Tarkovsky's allegory's imagery will sere its nightmare images into the deepest, darkest corners of your subconscious.
0.5 Stalker, a somber futuristic fantasy from the Soviet Union, attempts to build an apocalyptic vision out of the most impoverished materials imaginable.
0.875 More obviously a metaphorical construct than Tarkovsky's Solaris, and as a result, a bit less emotionally satisfying.
0.7 Leto's layered performance as the nattily dressing dandy with no remorse is truly impressive.
0.6 Un buen ejemplo de cine negro, genero fuera de moda que aun conserva su encanto.
0.4 Noir-ish murder tale is far too dark for kids.
0.61 Except for the fact that innocent lives are lost here, it would be easy to walk away from Lonely Hearts saying "so what?".
0.7 A consistently entertaining and occasionally gut-wrenching tale that deserves at least some measure of notice.
0.4 The only juice in Lonely Hearts comes from the thousands of volts shooting through the electric chair in which Martha and Ray are executed in back-to-back scenes that are disturbingly detailed and drawn out.
0.8 Most astute is Leto's impeccable representation of an amoral snake of a man with the looks and sociopathology to fulfill the requirements of his abject trade.
0.333333333333 Where's James Ellroy when you need him?
0.625 Hayek is a standard-issue femme fatale, damaged on the inside but flawless on the surface.
0.625 When Hayek and Leto are onscreen, you do not look away.
0.75 Their amorality isn't presented in a conventional manner; it's depicted in an unremarkable, matter-of-fact style that makes it all the more realistic -- and all the more unsettling.
0.625 It's with the focus on the police, though, that the script fails to truly connect.
0.5 A rather plodding movie.
0.5 Oddly sterile.
0.625 While writer-director Robinson may have known and loved a key character, he hasn't really figured out a good way to bring his story to life.
0.7 A beautifully photographed remake of 1970 cult B-movie The Honeymoon Killers succeeds better than many in balancing the philosophical with the visceral, although its villains' dirty deeds still trump its deeper strain of melancholy.
0.6 While not much of a detective story, [director] Robinson's period film does provide a captivating look at the dynamics that turn Fernandez and Beck into serial killers.
0.5 Strongly focused when it comes to atmosphere. But it strains too hard to contain its disparate plot elements.
0.6 The movie never quite clicks because it insists on telling two stories - one that is dramatic and one that slowly peters out, neither of which complement each other.
0.375 One more dip into the tin-eared neo-noir well.
0.5 If you like true crime stuff, this is worth a look
0.5 Lonely Hearts can't help but trip on its Hollywood aesthetic standards.
0.625 An ideal weekend movie, the sort of entertaining low-budget horror item that will work best for audiences looking to unwind and have fun after a long, busy work week.
0.4 Its chief merit is that it lacks the awesome stupidity of many of its successors.
0.4 Cliched, forgettable 80s teen slasher lacking all kind of originality or characterization
0.4 Sleazy slasher stuff. Fans of the genre might dig it.
0.8 O ritmo e lento, falta foco a narracao e o ato final e confuso. Por sorte, este nao e um filme sobre "tramas", mas sobre personagens - e e ai que merece elogios.
0.4 It's slow, but it's also sure-footed. Duvall takes it at his own damn pace, and his grouchy old man of a contract killer is a well-rounded and wholly believable personage.
0.75 More a song about living and dying well than a picture that makes much sense in the traditional definition.
0.5 Assassination Tango runs aground with an accumulation of small illogicalities.
0.5 If Duvall wanted to celebrate his hobby, he should have made a documentary.
0.75 You get the feeling Duvall took a tango trip to Buenos Aires and haphazardly decided to make a crime movie while staying there.
0.6 While Duvall's contribution to the tango canon may not add much to its mystique, it still offers considerable pleasures to anyone who shares his interest.
0.75 Not so much a movie as a chance to sidle up alongside Robert Duvall and twirl around a cinematic dance floor with him.
0.75 Its many tiny character details make up for the ludicrous story it's telling.
0.5 A film that uses tango as a metaphor for life ought to generate some fire. But Assassination Tango offers little heat.
0.4 One of the most boring films in recent memory. Almost nothing happens.
0.2 A monotonously shuffling pet project that nearly induces sleep as it trips over and shoots itself in its celluloid feet.
0.7 The exquisitely genuine dance scenes are the anti-Chicago.
0.6 What we care about in Assassination Tango is the tango, not the assassination.
0.25 Boring, meandery and clumsy.
0.75 Watching a Robert Duvall performance has become like putting on a great, weathered pair of boots -- you know it will feel good and you will want to go the distance.
0.75 Assassination Tango has very little to do with style -- or even plot -- and everything to do with the way a character moves.
0.5 Not only is it hard to buy the premise, it's hardly interesting to begin with.
0.5 The characters and situations here are all stereotypical or undercooked.
0.6 If this sounds like an awkward combination, it is.
0.625 The film works as a self-portrait -- of both Duvall's character, and Duvall and his self-reflective style of acting.
0.6 When Duvall films the tango, his passion for it is palpable. You can feel the wonder he feels at its emotion and its precision.
0.6 The studied pace of Duvall's film, and his carefully measured performance, will win over more patient patrons.
0.625 It's an uneven but occasionally fascinating film, as labors of love so often are.
0.4 A film that feels like the writer, director and star was too blinded by his interest in the subject matter to make a good movie about it.
0.5 It's hard to see what Duvall thinks is so interesting about the hit man, aside from the fact that he's playing him.
0.6 It is a pleasure and a bit of a treasure hunt to watch.
0.625 A great character actor's love letter to the one art form that makes him feel like a star.
0.625 The dancing episodes hold interest while the assassination plot becomes superfluous.
0.75 Duvall has created it from the inside out, seeing it not through the eyes of the audience but through the mind of Anderson.
0.625 About one commanding performance, fascinating to watch but not strong enough to redeem the muddled story line on which it hangs.
0.75 A wonderfully crafted, smartly acted study of a complex old coot.
0.625 An exercise in narcissism and nepotism that scoots by, not on story or suspense, but on [Duvall's] Old World charisma.
0.75 It's a film whose pleasures creep up on you.
0.75 Even Marlon Brando wouldn't be able to keep this from being the last tango in Buenos Aires that anyone is likely to see on screen for a while.
0.4 Duvall at his worst is still an accomplished performer; Pedraza is a modern-day Ali McGraw, lithe and beautiful but no kind of actress. For all her fluidity on the dance floor, she's a dead weight who drags the film down.
0.75 While not on the level of The Apostle, the movie stands as a rewarding, first-rate drama.
0.5 Overlong and far less engaging than Duvall's earlier Angelo My Love and The Apostle.
0.4 If Mr. Duvall's finely textured performance is a testament to the power of good screen acting to lift a film above the mundane, the movie's many irritating tics demonstrate that he is much more at home in front of the camera than behind it.
0.75 Duvall's latest is a treat for the eyes and ears, but it doesn't always ring true on deeper dramatic levels.
0.7 Written and directed by Duvall, Assassination Tango is a wonderfully eccentric piece of filmmaking -- to demand it cohere to formula would be to miss the point.
0.5 Take Duvall out of the picture and let this family demonstrate the tango, and you'd have a terrific movie.
0.75 Another exquisite film written and directed by Duvall (The Apostle) ... [its tango numbers] are magical moments of sheer joy.
0.6 Robert Duvall should have stuck to the tango because the hit man aspect misses the target.
0.75 For those who do not demand a firm adherence to formulas and genre-driven expectations, this movie offers the chance to see something a little different.
0.5 With its clumsy storytelling and lack of someone to filter Duvall's gushiness about the subject matter, Assassination Tango winds up shooting itself in its own dancing feet.
0.5 Duvall missteps in trying to mesh suspense with a love story.
0.3 Imagine Larry King demanding CNN give his latest wife her own hour-long weeknight talk show, and you'll get a pretty good idea of the level of self-indulgence in Tango.
0.8 If Duvall's presence in films that are clearly beneath him are necessary in order for him to produce flicks like The Apostle and Assassination Tango, I certainly hope Jerry Bruckheimer never loses his phone number.
0.4 What could have been a fascinating exploration of the sensuous culture of Argentine tango (a subject the actor/director displays an affection for) winds up instead being a rather clumsy mobster movie with lots of been-there, done-that touches.
0.75 Art follows life as Robert Duvall, in an intruiging character study, dances with his real-life girlfriend while trying to remember that he's a hit man.
0.4 [Duvall] has no feel for the crime material and his attempted creation of the quirky John. J., supposedly a master killer, falls apart quickly.
0.75 Lopez is now such a multimedia icon that it's easy to forget that her acting skills are what earned her first major notice.
0.4 J. Lo's mass appeal will bring them in, but the mediocrity of the film won't give them much more.
0.2 Call an ambulance. This mess is in need of a bodybag.
0.75 Only in the last five minutes does Mandoki let the hammer drop. Before that, Angel Eyes is quite compelling.
0.7 Lopez's work grows layers that are then gradually stripped away, exposing a raw, naked emotional vulnerability by film's end that is quite disarming.
0.25 Angel Eyes is not a movie for watching. It is a movie for passing by and avoiding.
0.4 Viewers with a low tolerance for schmaltz may suffer; one heartfelt speech even drew nervous titters from the otherwise indulgent preview crowd.
0.5 I have to admit I don't care much for "big secret" movies, and this is one of them.
0.4 Well-acted drama that is unfortunately hampered by severe mis-marketing and a disappointing ending.
0.625 It is a pleasure to see Ms. Lopez expand her acting range, and to see Mr. Caviezel move into the kind of major role he deserves.
0.625 ...the commanding performances by the two leads more than make up for the excessively overlong running time.
0.6 Viewers are going to feel pretty cheated if they walked in hoping to bite their nails and then left realizing they should've brought a hanky instead.
0.625 Lopez has great lips for pouting, and this somber script gives her ample opportunity to flex those skills.
0.4 Um universo de melodrama e cliches...
0.7 There's not much at the end, really, but it's quite a nice journey while it lasts.
0.6 ...the kind of film that appears to be going someplace and then never quite gets there.
0.75 Recommended to fans of Lopez, anyone without a negative attitude toward her, people who liked the writer's previous credits, and those on a date.
0.75 Angel Eyes is a love story -- one of uncommon style, thought and intelligence.
0.5 Un fallo mas en la carrera de Mandoki y una muestra de que no solamente se necesita un buen elenco para lograr el exito
0.4 A moribund melodrama which starts intriguingly before becoming utterly banal.
0.0 Its protagonists, their situation and its mechanical but mushy resolution are never remotely believable.
0.4 Mandoki doesn't have anything new to contribute to this puree of genres.
0.4 Running out of stuff to make the characters do, Di Pego is reduced to having them make speeches.
0.875 There aren't enough grown-up relationships on screen these days. Angel Eyes is refreshing in its refusal to stoop to easy cliches.
0.75 Lopez takes a chance on the tough role of police officer Sharon Pogue and she pulls it off beautifully.
0.64 There is not a lot of chemistry between Lopez and Caviezel, so their romance, around which the whole film revolves, never heats up.
0.5 the film is like a tease, always suggesting something much deeper, more profound, or at least surprising that what it ultimately reveals
0.2 Director Luis Mandoki lets another film drown in the tear-jerker tide.
0.6 You may need prayer to get through this one without dying from boredom.
0.25 "Stay with me" Jennifer Lopez whispers over and over at the start of the film. Take my advice: Don't.
0.75 A well-acted character study of a hardworking woman, by a screenwriter (Gerald DiPego) and a director with enough integrity to dispense with the usual Hollywood distractions.
0.6 The most notable performance to date from an actress whose hype has heretofore outstretched her work.
0.5 More like a TV movie of the week, but without any commercial breaks to interrupt the melodramatic tedium.
0.3 The product is so synthetic it has only attitude where its heart ought to be.
0.7 A carefully crafted romantic drama of considerable insight and emotional impact that provides Lopez an acting challenge she meets with ease.
0.5 The script is obvious and conflicted.
0.75 A surprisingly effective film.
0.625 The writing is capable but never really stylish, and that's what, in spite of heavenly aspirations, keeps Angel Eyes totally earthbound.
0.5 When it's all over, "Angel Eyes" feels like an exhausting flirtation instead of a full-out seduction.
0.4 This is all about getting your life back on course before you can fall in love. Which isn't such a bad idea for a movie, as long as there's something more. Unfortunately, there isn't.
0.3 It's hard to believe that these two would ever hook up.
0.875 Jennifer Lopez proves that her allure and talent can carry a complex mystery love story. We were delighted, surprised, and impressed.
0.8 A very traditional love story, and a surprisingly touching one, too.
0.75 An emotionally layered, grown-up drama about two battered souls finding a blossoming but tentative solace together.
0.4 As soon as I started to recognize the 'same old same old' path that they were following, I wasn't much inclined to invest myself much further.
0.4 My feet were stuck to the floor when I stood up to leave due to the sap that had poured out of the screen.
0.5 It really only takes two words -- sloppy and sappy -- to describe Angel Eyes.
0.5 A romantic comedy with baggage.
0.5 Jennifer Lopez has to suffer through it all in the name of $10 million a picture
0.5 The tagline of the film reads: "The deeper you look, the more you will find," but I've always found it pointless to search for treasure at the bottom of a dry well.
0.625 An uneven story that moves in fits and spurts, it has trouble ever quite deciding what it wants to be.
0.8 Lopez and Caviezel do fine work, energized by the perceptive, intelligent script of Gerald Di Pego and Luis Mandoki's sympathetic, sure-footed direction.
0.625 What with its cryptic storytelling, otherworldly pacing and doe-eyed little boys, Luis Mandoki's Angel Eyes could pass for a lost M. Night Shyamalan film.
0.625 Judging by Jim Caviezel's signature acting, this could be called 'Eyes Half Shut.'
0.875 An intelligent, impassioned adult romance that has a lot to say, and doesn't feel the need to let a rock soundtrack full of love ballads explain it.
0.5 Unfortunately, Angel Eyes is almost always too obvious for its own good.
0.75 0.5
0.4 It isn't long before the plot and characters have nowhere left to go but down to the depths of human depravity. And by the end it's impossible to see the point.
0.1 Whatever edge of fear and tension the movie might have possessed is traded for blistering annoyance as the cast near-cannibalizes one another while screeching at top volume for over 120 minutes.
0.25 Gens' film, while a far darker vision of the day the world ends, is more sexually sordid than satisfying. Save the humans? Why bother?
0.4 Its nihilism feels cynical rather than authentically bleak, and the increasingly histrionic scenes start to resemble an indulgent actors' workshop that has spun out of control.
0.6 The Divide is extremely nasty and relentlessly bleak but it's worth seeing if you like that sort of thing.
0.25 A clunky and ugly little film that I was more than happy to forget.
0.8 A genuinely disturbing descent into madness. You just happen to have seen it all before.
0.82 A genre film that's both a little too long and a little too brutal for mainstream tastes ... a minor cult movie, beloved by a few discriminating connoisseurs of small-scale apocalyptic horror and pretty much ignored by the rest of us.
0.2 Michael Biehn and Rosanna Arquette are in the cast but not helped by a cursory screenplay.
0.2 One to avoid.
0.4 No one has any goals other than to be the most annoying person in the room and there's plenty of competition in that department. It's a waste of a good setup as the situation and location are well drawn.
0.8 Gens's skilful direction and the throat-grabbing performances from the cast add to the tension.
0.4 Nasty, unrelenting and likely to make your hair fall out.
0.6 Gens' impressively grim film has points to make about post-9/11 militarism, but you get the sense that humanity disgusts him so much he'd rather leave his characters to the roaches.
0.2 THE DIVIDE aims for a dark, cutthroat tone, focusing on exploitation elements without the thrills that are usually involved. The result is both extremely dismal and extremely uncomfortable.
0.25 The film's only point appears to be lurid delight in topping one atrocity with another.
0.125 The tale quickly degenerates from a dramatically promising clash of personalities under pressure to a gratuitous display of rape, murder, torture, dismemberment, madness, ugly misogyny, naked racism and yelling.
0.375 It's a rare movie where the most likable character onscreen, and the feel-good hero of the damnable show, is none other than the hardy cockroach.
0.4 If it's possible to get bored with derangement, The Divide finds a way to make that happen.
0.5 In the end, the pace of the film is just too sluggish to maintain our interest and, at under two hours, it feels longer.
0.625 "The Divide" is at least 20 minutes longer than it needs to be, but the claustrophobic setting and slowly mounting tension keep the grim drama involving.
0.8 Xavier Gens has created one hell of an intriguing horror thriller.
0.5 Gens has talent, if also tendencies to steer the visuals into the music video realm, but he treats the characters here like mobile props and nothing more...
0.125 The only possible relief from director Xavier Gens' abusively bleak survivalist scenario is how implausible it is.
0.3 When a character swims through raw sewage to escape at the film's climax, it's hard not feel a certain solidarity.
0.5 We wait, from one cringe-inducing, hide-your-face-from-the-screen act after another, to see how much worse the behavior will become.
0.375 It's doom that we're meant to feel here. And repulsion. I hate to say, but I shrugged.
0.0 If the objective is to make the audience ill, The Divide succeeds.
0.4 One lesson for future generations rising from the ashes: Avoid the shelter containing whiner Rosanna Arquette.
0.625 Too bad [Gens] lacks Rod Serling's genius for delicious irony.
0.2 This incoherent, redundant, sci-fi thriller is a depraved, repugnant dirge with a disappointing conclusion.
0.375 Man is depicted as his own worst enemy, but for audiences there's perhaps no greater threat than Gens's overripe artistry.
0.6 Gens' disaster pic has visual flair aplenty and an explosive third reel which mostly forgives the inoffensively routine first two.
0.125 painfully stupid
0.5 [Not] a great thriller, just one that is more intelligent and dignified than you would ever imagine, sight unseen.
1.0 Although the movie trades heavily on gang-film staples, there's also ample comedy packed into the mix.
1.0 Envolvente do inicio ao fim (num desfecho, diga-se de passagem, poderosamente dramatico), o filme traz Cagney em uma de suas atuacoes mais intensas e inspiradas.
0.8 ...most of all, it's Cagney: At the top of his game, the bad guy we have to love. He makes it all happen.
1.0 Angels With Dirty Faces benefits from the Production Code because it forces the gangster film to acknowledge its nihilism.
0.7 Sometimes fierce
1.0 Wonderful morality story; one of Cagney's most memorable
1.0 If you're looking to study the gangster classics, I know a good place you can start.
0.4 ...there is so little new or innovative about it that if you're a normal moviegoer, you've seen it all before.
0.2 Rent Obsessed instead. That one you can at least laugh at.
0.35 Too lazy, preposterous and inane to even be considered as a guilty pleasure.
0.3 Neither trashy nor self-consciously funny enough to make its genre-trapped ludicrousness sing.
0.375 The movie takes a premise that might have served as the basis of a weepy romantic drama and turns it into something very different, but no less insulting.
0.3 When is a movie remake not a movie remake? When the filmmakers involved know what they've made is so wretched they don't dare admit it. The most oblivious MTV viewer won't miss the blatant plagiarism.
0.2 As ineffectual police work and broken feet stack up, the silliness gets out of hand.
0.25 Everything, including the ending, plays out exactly as you'd expect.
0.3 A silly, low-rent mash-up of Misery and Fatal Attraction, featuring neither the clever psychology of the former nor the layers of emasculation and consequence of the latter.
0.4 You can tell where this is all going, and the familiarity wouldn't be so bad if this cast could have some fun with the cliches. Alas, these CW stars pout and frown and yell, while lumbering and plodding through the Stephen King/Rob Reiner playbook.
0.2 Teen thriller/romance is gory but ho-hum. Skip it.
0.4 Homecoming is coldly efficient for what it is. But what it is is trash.
0.375 Nothing in the film is truly, laughably bad, but then -- unlike this year's Obsessed -- nothing is campily entertaining, either.
0.625 Pitched halfway between legitimately self-aware slasher camp and--shudder--a sincere relationship thriller, Homecoming hardly seems worth the hour-and-half effort at first.
0.4 If a member of cast could save a film, Michelle Williams would be the person to hire, since her central performance in this muddle of a movie is the only thing that stops it being unwatchable.
0.5 a well-made film featuring good actors and which tells an intimate story, but which tries to do too much and collapses under the weight of its own aspirations
0.6 It's an atmospheric drama and a strong turn from Williams, but doesn't tell us anything about ourselves or the terrorists that we didn't already know.
0.333333333333 It ends up being a compendium of bizarre diversions, most of which are utterly surplus to the film's half-cocked desire to stick with the experience and emotions of its main character.
0.2 The movie plunges straight down that treacherous black hole that exists between fact and fiction and the inability to replicate either.
0.4 A big-hearted, well-intentioned but ultimately overstretched adaptation.
0.4 Bridget Jones's (Incend)Diary, Maguire is to be commended for attempting a contemporary terrorist drama, but seems more comfortable in the big-knickered North London fantasy world.
0.6 By then, Incendiary has become a tear-stained monologue about bereavement and resilience - it goes off with a bang, but ends with a whimper.
0.2 Were it not for Williams's Oscar-quality performance, all the more remarkable for the shambolic incompetence that surrounds her, this would be a turkey.
0.4 It's only Williams who gives the film any life but, in the face of these odds, even she's helpless to save it from a one-star rating.
0.2 A silly tale involving an unbelievably young top anti-terror cop, an unrealistic journalist, laughable imaginary letters to Bin Laden and a far-fetched friendship between the mum and the bomber's son.
0.2 After that, cliche piles upon cliche, interspersed with moments of wild unreality and some ill-thought out conspiracy theory. It makes you feel embarrassed for everyone involved.
0.4 While individual scenes work well, the whole simply defies belief. And, because of this, the final polemic which suggests that London, constantly renewing itself, will never be defeated, simply appears hopelessly sentimental.
0.6 But it maintains its connection with us through Williams' fiercely open-hearted portrayal of a woman losing her grip on her life. And this is just emotional and offbeat enough to make the film worth a look.
0.2 Even more problematic is that the Young Woman's lover (the Ewan McGregor one) works for the Daily Express. None of this is calculated to warm your cockles.
0.6 Williams is magnificent in her role -- though they beat the living hell out of her, to a point where it almost becomes ridiculous.
0.875 ...an exceptional thriller that's consistently elevated by the uniformly superb performances and Tom Tykwer's subdued yet stylish directorial choices.
0.75 Think of it as the cinematic equivalent of a chunky paperback thriller that gets you through a week-long holiday.
0.625 The International packs handsome leads and exotic scenery - so why doesn't the film click with audiences like it should?
0.6 Tykwer demonstra conhecer as convencoes basicas do genero espionagem ao trazer uma atmosfera de intriga internacional a narrativa.
0.5 [Plays] itself as a mystery/thriller with something profound to say at the end, when we've pretty much heard a lot of this already.
0.8 See it for Owen's trademarked thinking cap and glower, the Guggenheim, the score, and the smugness of knowing first-hand that banks are actually much, much stupider than any movie could ever predict. Check it out, it's a fun time.
0.625 As far as stimulus packages go, The International fizzles.
0.7 It's helpful to keep in mind that any movie about the evils of corporate culture that's backed by a Hollywood studio has an inescapable identity crisis.
0.4 Emfanos aposteiromenos gia to proto toy taksidi sto Hollywood, o Tom Tykwer afinei ton Frank Griebe, ton fotografo toy ap' tin epohi toy Trekse, Lola, Trekse (1998), na bgalei oli ti doyleia
0.5 A world-weary Clive Owen takes on a powerful and corrupt bank in a tough but ultimately tedious - game of cat and mouse that ranges across Europe and North America
0.375 ...all the excitement of a corporate report combined with the liveliness of a stuffed animal.
0.7 If you're going to make a movie about homicidal bankers, you don't get extra dividends for exaggerated body counts.
0.625 The film offers a classic example of a screenwriter boxing himself in a narrative corner from which there is no escape.
0.7 Tom Tykwer's thriller shrewdly introduces Lou (Clive Owen) as he observes rather than acts.
0.6 The International is being presented as a "thriller for our times", but it's too far-fetched to be relevant. Still, it's an enjoyable yarn.
0.6 The pacing could be a bit faster and the script could be a little less obvious but this is overall well worth a look.
0.6 The International is far from being a Bourne or a Bond but it does pass muster for a Saturday night at the movies. Just.
0.6 The plot is heavy going at times and the interrogation scenes are a tad dull, while the dialogue is often just ludicrous.
0.5 I only wish that the final story was as strong as that initial concept.
0.5 There are dashes of style here and there that almost threaten to make the movie halfway worthwhile.
0.7 If he has trouble making his characters very interesting, Tykwer comes into his own in staging the action.
0.6 As frustrating as the story's shallowness is, this shortcoming is very nearly negated by the sheer physical pleasure of the production.
0.5 Eventually, you just let the tangled double-crossing take care of itself and enjoy the way the film defiantly bucks the contemporary thriller trend for shaky-cam coverage and lightning cuts.
0.6 After a promising start, The International is an increasingly disappointing experience. Hampered by a weak script which peaks far too early, all that's left in the finale is a steely performance from Clive Owen. Mildly entertaining at best.
0.6 This satisfyingly cynical dig at the world of high finance should please anyone with a taste for paranoid political thrillers.
0.6 Clive Owen may have lost the chance of playing 007, but he can still carry off an action movie, and proves it in this smart and handsomely made corporate conspiracy thriller from German director Tom Tykwer and first-time screenwriter Eric Singer.
0.8 Like a well-oiled thriller machine where bankers are bad guys, this is a guilty, guilty pleasure indeed.
0.4 Uninspired and inconsequential, The International provides less thrills than a meeting with your local bank manager to discuss interest rates.
0.6 The film-makers are predictably making much of the allegedly prophetic nature of their bankers-as-villains storyline. Nice try. At its heart, The International is just another tale of a flawed idealist tangling with faceless corporate evil.
0.6 After the critical and commercial success of the Bourne series, thriller-makers really have to raise their game...and this doesn't do the business, save for a couple of brilliant shoot-out setpieces.
0.6 Leaving behind the aromatic fantasy of Perfume, Tom Tykwer weighs in with a tense and exhilarating entry into the spy genre. This is an espionage thriller well worth investing in.
0.9 It deserves to be a major hit.
0.4 For all its serious intent, Tykwer's 'relevant' thriller proves to be perilously naff.
0.6 If the rest of the picture had been as thrilling and action packed and the characters a touch more original, the opaque but charismatic Owen and the achingly transparent Watts could be embarking on a series of movies to rival the Bourne franchise.
0.6 As an action thriller The International might well lack the full-on fight scenes of a Bourne movie, but it is a smart and sophisticated globetrotting thriller with just the right villain for these troubled times.
0.6 Paranoia abounds in this slick but stodgy drama recalling the conspiracy thrillers so beloved of 1970s cinemagoers.
0.6 Message to Clive Owen: Daniel Craig filled the James Bond vacancy a while back and is doing a great job, so you really should stop auditioning for the role.
0.6 It's reasonably efficient, passably entertaining, and strenuously playing catch-up with the Bourne movies: flat-footed Owen doesn't look as good as Matt Damon sprinting through city streets, and the editing doesn't match Paul Greengrass's whiplash pace.
0.6 Overlong and underwritten, this corporate-noir thriller is propelled by its gleaming good looks.
0.6 The title of the sleekly professional The International sounds off-puttingly more like a corporate hotel than a thriller and the first half proves just as blandly businesslike.
0.6 Though The International starts decently enough, its flailing action set-pieces and dialogue such as "sometimes a man can meet his destiny on the road he took to avoid it" drag it down to a very pedestrian level.
0.4 The International would love to be the new Michael Clayton but it's nowhere near smart enough. It also fancies its chances as the new Taken but it just doesn't have the guts.
0.6 As a thriller this raises the stakes high enough for us to invest our time and as brainy entertainment, is definitely one you can bank on.
0.6 The film seems to unfurl at a pace that by modern standards could be described as leisurely, and yet that works in its favour, even though it also allows us more time to contemplate some of the script's more implausible elements.
0.75 The whole indeed proves to be greater than the parts thanks to Tykwer's direction.
0.625 An action flick with smarts, but that's not to say the brain and the brawn always coexist easily.
0.8 Now that "banker" is a term of abuse, more offensive than any word it rhymes with, Tom Tykwer's film is extremely timely. It has the hard-edged efficiency of The Odessa File - and a sequel would be most welcome.
0.8 The International has its fair share of dodgy moments, but these are more than compensated for by an amusingly topical plot, some stunning photography and a thrilling shoot-out sequence.
0.6 The film goes off to a sort of sluggish start, and its ending just goes on and on. But in the middle is one of the most astonishingly awesome action sequences in recent cinematic history.
0.625 a relatively engaging, if not terribly convincing, variant on the evil corporation thriller
0.8 Despite a preposterous shootout at the Guggenheim and the puzzling presence of an unneeded Naomi Watts, Clive Owen carries this ultimately action-filled thriller.
0.5 A bankrupt thriller.
0.5 After a gripping opening scene, The International often shudders to a halt trying to explain its convoluted plot.
0.6 This international conspiracy thriller is like a Robert Ludlum movie without Paul Greengrass
0.7 There is considerable satisfaction in seeing these tyrants of high finance live up to their image as the new villains of modern cinema, but even more satisfying are Tykwer's superbly staged action set pieces.
0.7 At a time when the global financial crisis is being blamed, to a large extent, on the banking industry I suppose it's only to be expected that a bank will become the villain of a movie thriller.
0.75 Unlike many recent thrillers, it's not disposable. Days after seeing it, the film is still on my mind.
0.25 an exact replica of The Interpreter in every way that counts and is, therefore, completely, immanently, blessedly forgettable.
0.75 The whole point of a nefarious institution is that it doesn't have to get its hands dirty. Who needs assassins when you have lobbyists?
0.5 Frenetic and far-fetched, it's an intense, often incoherent indictment of insidious capitalism.
0.5 Bankers have replaced lawyers in the hate chain, at least that is the premise of this movie
0.25 Clive Owen and Naomi Watts wasted in overly-ambitious, over-plotted potboiler.
0.75 Slow and preposterous but intriguing and engaging as well.
0.6 Engaging enough thriller if you don't stop to think about it.
0.2 The story is bland. The performances are bland. There was nowhere for the plot to go and nowhere for this review to go. The end. Roll credits.
0.7 Having made a bank their villain %u2014 a bank, mind you, not a banker %u2014 director Tom Tykwer and his screenwriters have pretty firmly captured the zeitgeist.
0.4 The International is so confusing I would rather stand in a long bank line than have to watch it again.
0.75 Even without that extended thrashing of the Guggenheim, The International is more fun than its 'really, you're going after a bank?' trailer suggests.
0.625 Realized by Tykwer as a convoluted roman a clef that, without much heart, seems to have been pumped up with action scenes.
0.375 Considering the nation's top banking CEOs were just paraded across the small screen in a C-SPAN perp walk, they hardly look like invincible super villains. Evil? Maybe. Powerful. Not really.
0.375 A film that squanders a golden opportunity to make money on the current economic meltdown.
0.75 It's the basic recipe for a 1970s paranoid thriller throwback: spies, a vast conspiracy and a smart hero thwarted at every turn by a plot that's bigger than he could possibly imagine.
0.75 The International won't go down as an action thriller for the record books, but it's a pretty good one for right now. First of all, the villain is a bank. How's that for timing?
0.5 A stylish but standard thriller centered on an international bank's malfeasance, The International fails to resonate even on a bank-hating level.
0.625 The International possesses the look and feel of a thriller, but not the heart or soul of one.
0.625 Perhaps it's best not to think so much and simply be swept along -- by Clive Owen, Naomi Watts and Armin Mueller-Stahl.
0.375 One of those movies sponsored by an international conglomerate that lectures us about how all international conglomerates are corrupt.
0.625 Beautifully shot, often in or against some of the world's most impressive architecture, The International is far from a total loss. It's just a film whose good assets don't pay off in gripping drama.
0.625 Despite the torn-from-the-headlines subject matter, The International feels generic.
0.7 Mercifully free of car chases but packed with other adrenaline injections -- including a couple of life-and-death foot races for Clive Owen -- The International is a classy, old-school thriller.
0.5 The movie has crisp style and kinetic flair, but some of its flaws are too central for technical invention to dispel.
0.5 This seemingly surefire recipe for box-office success is squandered on a thriller that, quite simply, forgets to be thrilling.
0.625 The International isn't top-form Tykwer, but it's handsome and adamant, and now's as good a time as any for some out-of-control greedy-banker-bashing.
0.75 The International is a sleek, engaging example of a peculiar form of escapist entertainment, a favorite, in fact: It's a thriller that eases us away from our present worries without fully erasing a resonance with life beyond the multiplex.
0.625 Apart from the episode in the Guggenheim, the action in The International is distant and overcalculated.
0.625 Some thrillers settle into a rut of adequacy, rarely spiking above or below the baseline. Not The International. Director Tom Tykwer's new picture is all over the place, geographically and in terms of audience satisfaction.
0.82 Frank Lloyd Wright's Guggenheim Museum in New York gets its props.... Not since Matthew Barney's Cremaster Cycle has the Upper East Side landmark hosted such violence.
0.4 There are a number of reasons why this thriller fails to thrill, beginning with Eric Warren Singer's script.
0.75 It has some superb action set-pieces and some surprising character depths, and it's possible to lose oneself in the moment and come away entertained.
0.625 More intriguing than the action is Tykwer's use of architecture; his characters are dwarfed by looming towers of cold steel and glass, which says more about the apparent hopelessness of their quest for justice than any of the machinations of the plot.
0.8 The International is one of the better films of 2009 so far and contains an action scene that is worth the price of admission.
0.375 The International isn't pitching itself at Jack Ryan territory, but weirdly, at The Da Vinci Code.
0.75 With its investigation (and a few expertly conceived action set pieces), The International builds a compelling case.
0.7 Impossible to follow the plot but easy to appreciate the thrilling shootout at the Guggenheim.
0.8 Smart, tense and effective ... an intelligent conspiracy thriller that takes its time setting things up, but delivers one of the most impressive set pieces of the year.
0.6 A globe-hopping suspense thriller with bankers as the villains.
0.5 The International, a sleek travelogue thriller, at least flirts with timeliness, winking at an angry and anxious public mood.
0.6 The International plays less like a modern action thriller and more like a conspiracy-minded '70s flick -- think Three Days of the Condor or The Parallax View.
0.6 Calculating and distant, as if instead of a movie we're watching a monetary transaction between a filmmaker and his audience.
0.7 The International starts out with a strong espionage vibe but is weakened when it strays into "action movie" territory.
0.5 The film opens with style, promise & top notch cinematography/direction. Sadly, after an hour of intrigue, thrill, & chase, the script sharply strays from earlier smarts.
0.375 The International feels like a message in search of a movie.
0.5 The International could have turned out to be a prescient statement about our times instead of one that increasingly droops our eyelids just when it should be opening them.
0.8 Fantastic action, a brilliant cast and a sharp script tightly directed, The International's thrills and excitement are matched and heightened by its uncannily apropos timing.
0.8 traces its bloodline back to the paranoia peddlers of the 1970s
0.4 It's got some effective moments and aspects, but the film goes in and out of plausibility, and its elements never manage to unify into a coherent whole.
0.625 OK, it doesn't tell you much about the role of banks in the current economic free-fall. But if you want to know, it's a humdinger of a stimulus package.
0.4 The International almost seems like a Monty Python spoof on spy-game thrillers in which the phrase 'secret agent' is constantly replaced by 'banker,' resulting in lines like, '...If I die, 100 other bankers take my place.'
0.625 Despite the script's persistent focus on the link between terrorism and big business, The International feels naggingly generic. You've seen this movie before, if perhaps not quite so stylishly directed.
0.5 As smartly as it begins, the film nearly completely unravels around the 70-minute mark.
0.5 Everything about it is good-looking, tautly paced and sophisticated; what it isn't, unfortunately, is memorable.
0.625 Where Run Lola Run was like a perpetual-motion machine, The International seems to forever be stopping in its own tracks.
0.625 The International is a film I liked enough that I wished I liked it better.
0.625 It's a well-made and handsome drama centering on a powerful and corrupt European bank with ties to arms dealers.
0.5 A lot like the global economic crisis -- muddled and grim.
0.7 Swift investigations alter with elaborate set pieces in Milan and a staggering climax at the New York Guggenheim, a furious explosion of violence and excitement that ranks among the most exhilarating sequences I've seen in a long time.
0.5 For every burst of energy or eye-catching visual, the film doubly shoots itself in the foot with listless pacing and dreary thematics. Ultimately, it isn't worth the effort to get to the good stuff.
0.5 An action thriller with some decent action and a few thrills, but all embedded in a yarn so hopelessly tangled that even the loose threads have knots.
0.5 The International is just passable; it's a clock-puncher that's almost entirely free of suspense or surprise.
0.75 A fairly good thriller with mixed-bag elements: preposterous plot, smartly elegant direction, one of the worst recent performances by a major actress, and a dynamite stick of an action scene that can stand close to the greats.
0.6 The International impressively uses architecture as tone sculpture, primarily setting its action in the clean affluence of polished steel, clear glass and poured concrete modernism. Rarely does a thriller convey such an effortless stench of untouchability
0.75 I enjoyed The International. Clive Owen makes a semi-believable hero, not performing too many feats that are physically unlikely.
0.8 The pace is fast and the action, particularly a mind-boggling shoot-'em-up in the Guggenheim Museum, furious enough. But the less-conventional elements are in many ways even more effective.
0.5 As if we need another reason to hate banks right now.
0.875 Taut conspiracy thriller is elevated above the ordinary thanks to Tom Tykwer's sharp direction and a typically rock solid performance by Clive Owen.
0.6 [I]nternational bankers...trafficking in munitions and weapons systems in all the powder-keg regions of a troubled world. Is that a group you can love to hate or what?
0.4 a convoluted film about a complicated subject
0.75 In terms of tension - pure, cinematic suspense - the picture is a knockout.
0.5 Even classed up with Clive Owen and Naomi Watts, the story -- inspired by an actual late-'80s/early-'90s scandal -- seems slightly confused and dated.
0.6 It's a film that, mad as it sometimes seems, gives you things to chew on.
0.4 There's an extraordinary shoot-out at the Guggenheim Museum coming to theaters this week; unfortunately, you have to sit through The International to see it.
0.6 Falls into the groove of a conventional action story -- albeit with some contemporary resonances.
1.0 L.A. Confidential is a movie bull's-eye: noir with an attitude, a thriller packing punches. It gives up its evil secrets with a smile.
1.0 At the center of the movie are three mismatched cops with separately fueled ambitions, ferociously played by Kevin Spacey, Russell Crowe and Guy Pearce. Their combined charisma almost smashes through the screen.
1.0 L.A. Confidential isn't quite up there with Chinatown, but it's the closest thing to come down the Santa Monica Freeway in the last 23 years.
1.0 Spicy and boiling-hot, this sensational early-'50s crime drama is a morality play disguised as pulp fiction -- a sprawling saga of corruption and redemption set against a flashy West Coast backdrop.
0.8 While not reaching the twisted heights of the superbly sinister Chinatown, L.A. Confidential is smart, complex and engrossing.
0.875 L.A. Confidential is a satisfyingly plotted film with echoes of the 1974 classic Chinatown.
1.0 This superlative filming of James Ellroy's complex 1950s detective story by director Curtis Hanson fuses period authenticity, fluid direction and searing, full-blooded performances.
1.0 The genius of the film -- and it is a film of genius, without a doubt -- is that it holds an investigation into the human soul's capacity for evil, while somehow still managing to be funny, thrilling, lively, shocking and unremittingly entertaining.
0.75 A glamorous, alluring entertainment that revels in the artifice of Hollywood while exposing its corrupt heart, L.A. Confidential pays stylish homage to some of the great film noirs of the distant and recent past.
1.0 Writer-director Curtis Hanson's adaptation of the James Ellroy novel wasn't merely one of the two or three greatest movies of the 1990s; it stands as a masterpiece for the ages.
0.75 L.A. Confidential understands that men don't always respond to evil with good and that the question of whom society regards as heroes isn't always a clear cut as it seems.
1.0 A modern cinematic classic...the alchemical reaction of a director and a charmed collaboration of actors, writers, and design artists...[Blu-ray]
0.9 ...one of the most absorbing, compelling, most thoroughly enjoyable crime thrillers to have come along in the past decade.
0.875 Spacey's Vincennes is the standout in a just about flawless ensemble, and director Curtis Hanson keeps the hugely complicated story zooming along the boulevard of broken dreams without losing sight of the details that make the trip worthwhile.
1.0 Dizzying and powerful.
0.9 I dug it big-time, baby!
1.0 In doing away with manners, Hanson's hardboiled detective stories craft a more hard-hitting picture of the time than any filmmaker who worked in the 1950s could have dreamed
0.75 This police corruption thriller, based on a James Ellroy novel, drags in places and ultimately fails in its film noir genre, but it's tops in art direction and photography.
0.75 A hard-boiled cops and crime story that is at once viscerally entertaining and intellectually satisfying.
1.0 Acted to perfection with more twists than you can shake a stick at.
0.8 It is an intriguing whodunit, but nothing really unpredictable. Good work by Pierce and Crowe, though.
0.875 It's dark stuff, all right. But it's good dark.
1.0 L.A. Confidential is the closest thing to a classic cop movie you could imagine, a throwback to a few decades ago.
1.0 It demands that the viewer pay attention, not assuming for one second that its audience may consist of dummies. That audience is rewarded with an environment oozing with atmosphere.
0.875 How good is "L.A. Confidential"? Kim Basinger gives a convincing performance - that's how good.
0.7 A top-notch thriller, an intricate tale of corruption, lust and betrayal that thematically recalls vintage film noir while stylistically coming closer to Roman Polanski's Chinatown.
1.0 Pode parecer impossivel, mas ainda se pode fazer um otimo filme noir hoje em dia.
0.875 A rattling good police story and a dark, laughing tone poem to the never-innocent city of illusions.
1.0 Director Curtis Hanson's elegant film is faithful to Ellroy's multi-layered and labyrinthine book, requiring some concentration to keep up with the subtle plot twists and coded dialogue.
1.0 Destined to be one of the best, if not the best, of the year.
1.0 One of the best films of the year, an excellent film noir murder mystery brimming with style and atmosphere and topped off with fine acting.
0.875 Crooked cops. The mystery and allure of Hollywood in the '50s. Death, double-crossing, and secret alliances. Paparazzi waiting to get that one breakthrough picture.
1.0 L.A. Confidential is immersed in the atmosphere and lore of film noir, but it doesn't seem like a period picture--it believes its noir values and isn't just using them for decoration.
1.0 Hanson has directed a number of clever suspense films, but this one puts everything else he's done in the shade. L.A. Confidential is at the same time his most personal movie and Hollywood filmmaking at its best.
0.9 Take strong performances, an involved story and period atmosphere, then throw in sex, violence, corruption and politics to make one hell of a crime drama.
1.0 Speaking strictly on the record, and not at all hush-hush: Don't miss L.A. Confidential.
1.0 All of the characters are finely detailed and fascinating. Crowe and Pearce give exceptionally good performances. Their vibrant portrayals bring immediacy to their characters and actions.
1.0 this movie is such a satisfying whole
1.0 Every scene in the movie is good.
0.75 There are no surprises about who dies, but the ingenuity of the good cops and the director's perfect timing combine to produce the best scene in the movie.
0.75 It's a film that has substance and sweep to match its high sense of style.
0.7 Kudos to director Curtis Hanson and co-screenwriter Brian Helgeland for whipping James Ellroy's seminal novel of 1950s Los Angeles police corruption and noir sexuality into recognizable shape for this distinguished film adaptation.
1.0 There wasn't a moment where I wasn't amazed, bowled over by its greatness. This film just shows that one can still do noir and make it non-Tarantino-esque.
1.0 Hanson cast two actors from Down Under, Crowe and Pearce, in the lead roles of Bud White and Ed Exley, respectively. This decision works wonders for the film; if it had had big name stars in the lead, the viewer would most possibly be distracted by this.
0.875 Admiration will likely extend for years to come.
0.8 Director Hanson's convoluted plot -- tracing the rise, fall, and redemption of L.A. cops played by Guy Pearce, Russell Crowe, Kevin Spacey, and James Cromwell -- is all over the map until its handy, bloody ending (body count > 25).
1.0 This is about one of the best crime dramas in years.
0.875 Brilliant, complex, cinematic noir-inspired cop drama L.A. Confidential an instant classic.
0.9 One of the best stories I have seen on the screen in a long time.
1.0 Hollywood moviemaking at its finest--a classy piece of entertainment made with equal parts passion, style, and fun.
0.7 Pearce, Crowe and Spacey do solid work with solid characters. They're never boring, and never fascinating.
0.75 A solid, confident thriller.
1.0 The look of the film is terrific and is filled with period details. The clothes, the cars, sets and dialogue all weave together to form a great background tapestry to the story.
0.4 Ensemble crime noir wannabe.
0.875 Garbo is stunning.
0.6 Not Garbo's greatest but it has a curious charm.
0.7 A glamourous and romantic conception of the latter days of the life of the Dutch dancer and courtesan who was shot as a spy by the French in 1917.
0.6 Infernal Affairs III reveals the desperate lengths men will go to protect their covers and to survive the internal agonies of fear, stress and lack of trust.
0.5 It seemingly exists to buff its predecessors' rough spots but only tarnishes their memories.
1.0 One of the best scary movies ever made, one of the best scary movies even imaginable.
1.0 A masterpiece.
1.0 The first time I saw Stanley Kubrick's The Shining, I had to turn it off during three key moments... Perhaps this time, I prayed, [it] would seem almost comically silly. Yeah, not so much.
0.875 ...above all a movie about spaces, and how few things are more frightening than not knowing which way to go.
1.0 Strange and deeply creepy.
1.0 The technique is as overpowering as Nicholson's performance, which is both hammy and deeply disturbing.
0.6 Kubrick's compositions and Jack Nicholson going kill-crazy with an axe remain hard to beat on the big screen.
1.0 Re-cut or not, The Shining remains one of the most viscerally disturbing films ever made.
1.0 Deeply scary and strange.
1.0 Essential viewing. Prepare to be disturbed.
1.0 Its artful ambiguities are immersive. Check in.
0.8 Kubrick doesn't dumb it down or anything, but he's not actively trying to appeal only to film connoisseurs either. If any of his movies could be called mainstream, it's this one.
1.0 The Shining is an intense and not always ingratiating experience, a natural bookend to 2001...
0.75 As a ghost story and adaptation of the Stephen King novel, it's largely a failure. On the other hand, as an example of directorial bravura and as a study of madness and the unreliable narrator, it's a brilliant success.
1.0 The Shining met the fate of several other Stanley Kubrick films when it came out; most viewers did not like it, so they rejected it. Most importantly, they did not understand it in any way which allowed them to deal with it constructively.
1.0 It's the experience more so than the actual content of The Shining that radiates cold, anti-humanly indifferent terror.
1.0 Ostensibly a haunted house story, it manages to traverse a complex world of incipient madness, spectral murder and supernatural visions... and also makes you jump.
1.0 The movie is not about ghosts but about madness and the energies it sets loose in an isolated situation primed to magnify them.
1.0 With remarkable visual panache and a keen sense of irony, Stanley Kubrick rehabilitates Stephen King's trashy, terrifying novel.
1.0 Kubrick's use of space and the eerie steadycam have never been put to better use.
1.0 Kubrick's spellbinding 1980 horror epic is one of the true masterpieces to come out of the genre. And Nicholson's descent into unbridled insanity is simply unforgettable.
0.625 "Here's Johnny!" ... Kubrick's grandiose Jack-in-a-box shocker is a fright, but it's hardly up to his earlier brilliance.
1.0 Regardless of how you read the film, there's little denying that it's a masterful work.
0.8 An immortal classic.
0.4 One of Kubrick's most severely overcooked, overdetermined projects; Duvall fascinates, but the rest bores and wearies.
1.0 Among a handful of the scariest movies ever made.
1.0 The beauty of Kubrick's film is the ambiguity of it all . . . will leave the gears turning long after the credits stop.
0.875 Though it could have been edited tighter, The Shining is still a great film.
0.4 The trappings are brilliant, but Kubrick ultimately loses the essence of the source material - and he's too good to expect anything less.
0.8 Among that rare class of adaptations: it is as good as or better than the source material.
0.9 A mysterious, haunting, visual experience.
0.8 Boy will it chill your blood.
0.8 By the second hour all hell breaks loose, and in the last few minutes it's sheer terror.
1.0 A deliberately paced, but endlessly creepy, horrifying motion picture.
0.9 Strays from the source material, but still a creepy classic.
1.0 Kubrick's showcase of abilities, both with the camera and his characters, are incomparably haunting.
0.7 Not Kubrick's greatest work (let's be honest: entire sections of this film make no sense at all), but hey, it's creepy as hell.
0.9 Chilling, majestic piece of cinematic fright.
0.875 One of the scariest films I've ever seen. And I'm not easily scared.
0.6 A little tastier but still far from a gourmet feast.
0.25 Despite some gratuitous allusions to Gitmo, the third-rate effects and the two-bit characters make this a summer wipeout.
0.3 When Jessica Alba was at the MTV Movie Awards she called Fantastic Four: Rise of the Silver Surfer the best family/comedy of the summer. That alone should spell disaster for a superhero film.
0.5 It doesn't suck. Or maybe I went into the theater with such low expectations that it couldn't possibly be as bad as my imagination had concocted.
0.6 While the gags are aimed squarely at a family audience, there's nothing wrong with that and this is certainly a film you could take even tiddlers to without worrying they are going to have nightmares later.
0.5 Can't anyone in comic book movies come up with new villains anymore?
0.4 This sequel is out, overall succumbing to the weaknesses of the first movie, which, once again, relegates it to sitting at the kids' table at the gathering of comic book movies.
0.6 Much better than the first; OK for tweens and up.
0.4 For a film that's supposed to be playful, it's an awful, tedious drudge.
0.375 Characters to love, story to hate.
0.8 I have read many of the legitimate criticisms of this sequel, and I agree with them, and I do not care.
0.75 As the Surfer rises, so too does this franchise.
0.625 While not entirely fantastic, this Four is fun, fast-paced, and family friendly.
0.4 A merciful dearth of plot in favor of mindless set pieces, so-so effects work and passable PG-rated humor.
1.0 With the wedding ruined and the future of the world at stake, it's showtime. Suddenly, Tim Story goes CGI crazy delivering scene after scene of edge-of-your-seat action that will make your eyeballs bleed.
0.3 While it might be better than the first one, it still sucks.
0.4 The film's effects people perform many miracles, from draining the River Thames to ensuring that the Thing produces a convincing smile. But one thing they can't do is to make the unfailingly wholesome Mr Fantastic and friends worth worrying about.
0.3 Rise of the Silver Surfer is both relentlessly dull and curiously bombastic.
0.4 Uma experiencia consideravelmente melhor do que o original %u2013 o que, na pratica, e o mesmo que dizer que e "melhor" ser abocanhado por um leao faminto do que por dois.
0.4 somehow Jessica Alba's acting has taken a turn for the worse, and Chris Evans has the audacity to only take his shirt off for three seconds
0.7 The silver surfer is an outstanding competitor for sci-fi superhumanity's best concepts and affords the series a sweeping interplanetary scale.
0.375 The makers of the franchise better find something more interesting for their four heroes to do -- and quick.
0.6 It's PG-rated summer popcorn fluff at its best, and while the new additions might irritate the hardcore FF fanatics, those simply looking for a check-your-brain-at-the-door night out at the movies will certainly surf away satisfied.
0.625 Slightly improved over the original, Rise of the Silver Surfer provides some better-than-average visual effects, but an inconsequential plot.
0.166666666667 The performances are plywooden, the cornball visual gags are groanworthy, and Tim Story still can't direct his way out a sack with a map.
0.6 Fantastic fun.
0.6 ...[this] second episode could hardly help being an improvement.
0.125 Anything more would be cheating the great wide swaths of gibbering no-brow-bia: the baseball-cap-askew-nation, text-messaging their way through the dead spots.
0.4 click for full review
0.6 Impressive not because of anything that's said, but for the realization that you're watching the screen be dominated by Jessica Alba and a piece of CGI without ever once experiencing the urge to gnaw through your own shoulder.
0.5 If ever a film franchise needed to come equipped with a Reboot button, it's this one.
0.7 Far more entertaining and ambitious than its predecessor, Fantastic Four: Rise of the Silver Surfer is a surprisingly effective summer movie and a huge improvement over the lackluster 2005 original.
0.4 The good news is that it doesn't think it's Shakespeare, Citizen Kane and grand opera all rolled into one. The bad news is that it still isn't any good.
0.75 Rise of the Silver Surfer isn't a huge improvement, and it doesn't even try to reinvent the wheel, but its minor upgrades here and there make a cumulative difference.
0.5 With its goofy-ass combat scenes and sitcom-level dialogue, Rise of the Silver Surfer is aimed squarely at the 12-and-under crowd.
0.5 Once again, the action feels pedestrian, the special effects simply aren't that special and the acting is nearly nonexistent.
0.375 ...the movie has all the depth of a video game. These aren't people. They're not even interesting characters. They're game pieces.
0.0 The worst comic book adaptation since, well, since Fantastic Four 1. An unimaginative disaster that takes forever to end, as if the celluloid is being stretched by Mr. Fantastic to make the movie last ten times longer than ninety minutes.
0.2 Surfer is just as lousy on every level as its predecessor.
0.375 It's still not fantastic. But I wouldn't be surprised if, eventually, there weren't four of these.
0.4 Sure, the CGI work is all pro and the Silver Surfer effect is a cool visual but the dumb lines and forced chemistry just don't cut it.
0.7 Capably blends action, sci-fi and comedy into one colorful concoction.
0.625 Maintains the tongue-in-cheek quality of the first film without falling into camp.
0.5 The dialogue is dumb drivel, the acting is atrocious and the bodaciously buff title character looks like a shiny hood ornament.
0.7 With a livelier script and stronger production values, this sequel far outdoes the 2004 original.
0.5 Yet another disappointing sequel in a summer filled with far too many of them.
0.5 But for the second film, Story and company have smartly turned to one of Marvel's most intriguing characters, the Silver Surfer (body by Doug Jones, voice courtesy of Laurence Fishburne).
0.75 Rise is exactly what a superhero movie should be: an entertaining, family-friendly popcorn flick with even doses of humor, heroism and heart.
0.5 As far as minor triumphs go, at least Story's disposable film is shrewd enough to understand, embrace, and then stay true to its iconic comic book source material's lighthearted spirit.
0.72 It's interesting how societal change is reflected in movies. Not long ago, a mainstream movie wouldn't have portrayed the legitimate U.S. military openly torturing a prisoner.
0.7 If you liked the first Fantastic Four film, you'll probably enjoy the sequel even more.
0.75 Fantastic? Maybe that's a bit of an exaggeration. Thrilling, engaging and totally adequate are more fitting adjectives to the latest superhero special effects bonanza.
0.375 The series needs to find its place or just give up.
0.75 Fantastic Four: Rise of the Silver Surfer is a vast and significant improvement -- if not quite "fantastic," then the next best thing: It does not suck.
0.5 If not entirely a downer, this is no topper.
0.625 Like its predecessor, Fantastic Four: Rise of the Silver Surfer seems intentionally B-grade, a happy gap-filler between more prestigious comic-book films.
0.7 I had a few laughs, I enjoyed the elaborate special effects, the characters are entertaining and unpretentious, and I got out of the theater in about 90 minutes.
0.375 For non comic book fans over the age of 13, Fantastic Four: Rise of the Silver Surfer is a tedious, incoherent bore. For comic book fans of any age, it is an atrocity.
0.7 something we haven't seen in comic book movies in recent years - an honest attempt to capture the childhood essence of the fantasy
0.75 This is one of those superhero movies in which the superheroes are not nearly as charismatic as the villain. Luckily for this sequel, the Silver Surfer is on the scene.
0.3 Rise of the Silver Surfer is an existentially and aesthetically unnecessary sequel to the equally irrelevant if depressingly successful Fantastic Four.
0.8 The most flat out fun you'll have watching any superhero movie this year.
0.5 Director Tim Story does the same sort of efficient, impersonal job he did on the first movie, keeping things at such a basic, almost childish level that it seems the movie is aimed squarely, if not exclusively, at the 12-and-under set.
0.5 While it's a little bit better than the first FF movie, this one trivializes the epic sci-fi stature of the story with the same bad acting, witless "witty" dialogue and drama-leeching tone.
0.75 Clocking in at a mere yet mighty 92 minutes, this superior sequel to 2005's Fantastic Four skillfully crams loads of action, humor and even (gasp!) character development into its short but sweet flight of comic-book inspired fantasy.
0.4 As was the case with the inept 2005 original, the sequel is a shallow, shoddy, slap-dash mess of ideas and performances.
0.625 In Fantastic Four: Rise of the Silver Surfer, our heroes get what they deserve: a decent action flick with a jolt of visual wow.
0.625 Unlike the recent spate of blackened threequels, those bottom-of-the-bag Spideys and Shreks and Pirates and Oceans, this kernel does pop.
0.75 You don't walk out of Rise of the Silver Surfer feeling as if you've gone three rounds with the Thing. This is a case where getting less than you bargained for feels like a victory.
0.5 Better than its juvenile predecessor.
0.5 As superhero experiences go, Fantastic Four: Rise of the Silver Surfer is mundane. It's not funny enough to be a spoof, but it's also not deep enough to hold any intrigue.
0.625 At times silly and then serious, this Fantastic Four is the cinematic equivalent of multiple personality disorder.
0.5 The Marvel comic book this movie is based on was never as sitcom-ish as the two films it's inspired.
0.8 Fantastic Four: Rise of the Silver Surfer is an enjoyable sequel that delivers humour, likeable characters, great special effects and plenty of comic book-style action, though fans hoping for a glimpse of Galactus should prepare for disappointment.
0.6 In the universe of dark and gloomy superheroes, this foursome are still dipping into the lighter side of fantastic.
0.2 Less than fantastic.
0.6 Just when you thought it couldn't get any worse, it gets a whole lot better. Fantastic 2 may not hold a candle to Marvel's crown jewels, but by dialling down the camp it at least makes amends for its dreary predecessor.
0.4 It's all quite harmless, the shape-shifting plot does not extend much beyond 90 minutes, and Alba still looks good in a jumpsuit. We've seen it before, we'll see it again.
0.2 too dull to be fun, too inept to be engaging, and too low-rent FX-wise to be dazzling
0.875 Rise of the Silver Surfer is impressively mounted and bursting with playful, spectacular special effects.
0.4 KAPOW! The world's most boring superheroes return to lull us back to sleep in a sequel that could put the makers of Nytol out of business.
0.2 Fantasy pictures needn't be bound by the constraints of real-world logic, but they can't survive the quotidian blandness by which this one is smothered.
0.4 The makers of 'Fantastic Four: Rise of the Silver Surfer' have managed to improve their storytelling. But that's like saying that "Ghost Rider" improves when viewed in the IMAX format.
0.6 It's all very silly and the Four's life together has all the gravitas of an episode of the Monkees. Entertaining, though.
0.6 DAZZLING GLOBE-SKIPPING, LANDMARK-BASHING ACTION
0.4 Kids will probably have a blast - but pity their parents having to explain afterwards what exactly those American federal agents were doing torturing a gurneyed prisoner in a secret Siberian base.
0.5 The film hinges entirely on these gigantic, yet straightforward, simple conflicts, resulting in little or no emotional involvement in the characters.
0.25 Superficial, unimaginative and inert. The so-called heroes are pompous, one-note caricatures who have the depth of gnats, and are just as irritating.
0.5 A reading from the Books of Marvel...And the Surfer passed through buildings and buses with a squish...And Twentieth Century Fox said that it was good.
0.25 While contemporary superhero movies have evolved to dive deeper into the darker motivations, feeling and actions of the subjects, The Fantastic Four are content to be the hackneyed vaudeville act with old, stale jokes
0.625 The film spends too much time on peripheral distractions and shallow personal problems, and not enough establishing the scope, scale and sense of awe its cosmic events merit.
0.5 ...the film essentially offers up more of the same; more bad jokes, more predictable plot twists, and more ill-conceived action sequences.
0.6 Better than the first one, but that's only taking into consideration that it couldn't possibly have been any worse.
0.6 Everything about this superhero sequel surpasses the original by a long shot.
0.625 Once you accept that Fantastic Four is not trying to be anything deeper than popcorn fare, the ride can be fun -- with an ending more satisfying than Spider-Man 3.
0.5 This follow-up to the much-reviled Fantastic Four is cheerfully stupid, shallow and, frankly, more than a little tedious.
0.6 Earnest, gee-whiz and foursquare, this simple and intentionally inoffensive sequel gets points for being easy to take and scrupulously avoiding obvious sources of irritation.
0.375 Someone should tell Fantastic Four that it's live action and not a cartoon.
0.5 Although FF:ROTSS comes from the same place as Spider-Man (New York, and Marvel editor Stan Lee's noggin), this sequel to the 2005 Fantastic Four debut is lackluster, even by comparison to the lackluster Spider-Man 3.
0.25 The target audience appears to be Cartoon Network fans. Anyone outside that category is likely to find Fantastic Four: Rise of the Silver Surfer a dull slog no avalanche of razzle-dazzle digital hooey can camouflage.
0.5 The movie plays out like a particularly unfunny, dysfunctional family sitcom and features even less action than its predecessor.
0.625 Unlike many recent superhero movies, Silver Surfer doesn't have a heavy, overblown quality. For the most part, it's light and playful (and short, clocking in at a brisk 90 minutes).
0.75 Rise of the Silver Surfer doesn't aspire to much. It just happens to have the three things it needs -- velocity, artistry and a pretty good story.
0.25 It's not egregiously awful like the first film. Just plain awful in that formula way that kills your spirit and all hope for summer movies.
0.375 Of all the Marvel-spawned screen franchises, the Fantastic Four is the most puerile, reducing as it does this smartly quirky comic book quartet to a fourth-grade primer in dysfunctional family psychology.
0.5 These B-list demigods are so proudly, intergalactically mediocre that both the 2005 original and the follow-up tend to disable my super-snark beam.
0.75 Much better than the original.
0.5 It is passable comic book stuff, dumb and loud. Loud. LOUD.
0.625 When will the people who adapt comic books into films realize that less can be so much more?
0.4 Beyond a few good special-effects sequences - notably the Human Torch chasing the Silver Surfer between skyscrapers, the movie is uniformly vanilla. When the heroes aren't polishing their super-skills, they sit around and complain about their lot in life.
0.5 This humdrum collection of comic book characters ... makes you long for the thrilling adventures of someone called, say, The Accountant.
0.6 Bigger, better and more polished than the first, with a quite satisfactory ratio of action set-pieces and a lot of juvenile japery squarely aimed at its PG and fanboy audience.
0.6 At last! A comic-book block-buster that doesn't feel the need to justify its own existence with ponderous philosophical subtext and bloated running times.
0.6 It takes a while to get going, but once it does, it clips along, entertains, and doesn't overstay its welcome.
0.75 There's plenty of fun and entertainment to be had from Guy Ritchie's take on the character for both fans of Doyle's work and for those just getting to know Holmes and Watson.
0.7 The plot races and roars through a deliciously grungy combination of real sets and CGI for all sorts of big-action scenes in and around turn-of-the-century London.
0.6 Proof that Guy Richie can still make good films, though it's not without flaws.
0.8 Purists can, and certainly will, spend much time arguing how much is true to the material and how much was changed but the rest won't, and shouldn't care. The fact is, Sherlock Holmes is just down right entertaining.
0.7 Ultimately, it achieves what it sets out to do: to entertain.
0.7 Sherlock Holmes has something for everybody; an accessible film is exactly what Guy Ritchie's been looking for.
0.8 In a year in which actioners featured robots with arthritis and sinking ice, Sherlock Holmes might as well be considered a work of genius.
0.6 Le film de Guy Ritchie livre la marchandise, meme s'il semble souvent pris entre deux epoques...
0.6 Elementary, My dear readers. But not in a nice way.
0.64 Ritchie doesn't disappoint, and, if you go in with modest expectations, neither does Sherlock Holmes.
0.75 Like Ritchie's best films, this gets the job done as both an intriguing plot puzzle and a bouncy, entertaining romp.
0.6 It's entertaining, but it's also a bit goofy -- Holmes here is a Victorian 007.
0.75 The whole movie is kind of old-fashioned but also kind of modern at the same time, and I think that contrast is a big part of its appeal.
0.6 A character known for his supreme intelligence should not be trapped in such a dumbed-down plot.
0.85 Guy Ritchie's noisy steampunk mauling of Arthur Conan Doyle's character is great galloping fun if ultimately slighter and less nervy than we might have hoped. Still, Robert Downey Jr. is great fun to watch and Jude Law has a clue.
0.75 Sherlock Holmes is neither a cookie-cutter blockbuster nor insulting to the source material.
0.7 What Ritchie and Downey do is embroider and magnify the traits Conan Doyle had already given the characters.
0.625 Ritchie mounts some impressively exciting action sequences, then bathes everything in dingy browns and grays to achieve an unappealing Victorian griminess.
0.6 Mas que un relato detectivesco (la trama "policial" es lo menos convincente e interesante de la pelicula) se trata de una entretenidisima comedia en la que Sherlock Holmes y John Watson son algo asi como Starsky y Hutch en el Londres victoriano.
0.3 A loud, stupid film.
0.375 ...a sporadically amusing yet thoroughly tedious misfire of nigh disastrous proportions.
0.5 Hollywoody-ish-ist Sherlock ever. Downey Jr. and Law are magical though...
0.7 Fortunately, the film doesn't need to rely on its supporting cast too much, because its two leads are absolutely fantastic in their respective roles.
0.5 The film called "Sherlock Holmes" that has been raking in the money at the box office this Christmas season does not really exist at all. It's an illusion. A Jedi Mind Trick.
0.9 With his reckless attitude, Downey Jr may not be the refined Sherlock Holmes of Sir Arthur Conan Doyle's conjuring, but this feisty reimagining is strikingly impressive and cements Downey's standing as one of the best actors in Hollywood.
0.6 Ja era hora do ocupante da Baker Street 221B voltar a dar as caras nas telonas a fim de ser apresentado a uma nova geracao -- algo que o cineasta Guy Ritchie faz de maneira divertida e relativamente eficiente.
0.625 Elementary, my dear -- as in, that's what Ritchie's spirited but superficial version of Arthur Conan Doyle's iconic detective ends up being.
0.4 ... Sherlock Holmes for the ADD generation, jerking and twitching like a crank freak itching for his next sniff.
0.7 Guy Ritchie hit the big time with this flick but there is too much of the gangs of London and too little of the rumpled professor in the character of the famous detective.
0.7 Sherlock Holmes is never less than entertaining throughout however, and the marvellous chemistry between the leads practically demands a sequel.
0.6 Essentially, this is Lethal Weapon in ye olde worlde London, which will surely have the purists up in arms, but as buddy flicks go, it's a welcome twist. And certainly Ritchie's best film since Lock, Stock...
0.6 This Sherlock Holmes refuses to take himself seriously. Brilliant, because it allows to RDJ and Ritchie to let rip with their non-traditionalist revamp. Not so great because super-sleuthing loses out to bone-crunching. Either way, the brio is infectious.
0.6 The views of Victorian London are just as seductive as Downey Jr, who exudes an aura of troubled genius, though that's all the information you're likely to retain, as there's rarely a moment to think between all the fights and explosions.
0.6 There is clear chemistry between the leads and watching them bicker is the film's strongest appeal.
0.8 Raucous, rough energy infuses this film from start to finish, carrying us along even when the slightly over-egged script starts to feel somewhat slender. And it's the terrific chemistry between Downey and Law that makes the film worth seeing.
0.6 A visually flashy festive crowd pleaser anchored by Robert Downey Jnr's inherent likeability and on-screen chemistry with Jude Law.
0.4 This balance of brain and brawn skews too far in the wrong direction, with a few too many mindless action sequences overcompensating for the shortcomings of a tedious story.
0.5 Worst of all, this Sherlock Holmes isn't fun.
0.2 No, the problem isn't that the movie makes the Holmes character more of an action hero than Doyle ever intended. It's that it sticks Holmes and Watson into one of the dumbest, most boring stories imaginable.
0.75 while it is tempting to see Downey's portrayal and Ritchie's amped-up aesthetic approach to the material as revisionism for an attention-addled generation, in many ways it is closer in spirit and tone to Doyle's eccentric character
0.5 More indebted to Ritchie's particular brand of stylistically exhausting action-adventure than to Conan Doyle's elegant prose and intensely intellectual anti-hero.
0.7 For the most part, quirky British filmmaker Guy Ritchie has managed to take the character out of mothballs without desecrating Conan Doyle's original vision.
1.0 Make no mistake, Sherlock Holmes is every inch a Guy Ritchie picture -- only it's a Guy Ritchie picture about Sherlock Holmes.
0.76 The film does what it sets out to do, re-establish Holmes as a cinematic hero worth knowing and watching.
0.625 While a fish rots from its head down, a film suffers from the screenplay up -- which is where Sherlock Homes stinks.
0.5 Strahovi da %u0107e Ritchiejev tretman slavnog detektiva predstavljati jo%u0161 jedno holivudsko silovanje kulturne ba%u0161tine uglavnom nisu bili opravdani
0.6 Purists may bemoan its modern slant but those just looking for action and thrills will be entertained
0.7 Downey continues his hot streak of performances %u2014 which by itself is worth the price of admission %u2014 and there's a lot to love about this big screen interpretation of Holmes. Case closed.
0.9 Sherlock Holmes is a solid, enjoyable film with a fun score, a great use of sound and environment, and a trio of confederates you will want to know more of.
0.7 Downey's a joy but, personally, I'll take more Arthur Conan Doyle and less Guy Ritchie.
0.8 A first-rate action adventure movie that provides a near perfect example of how to redress an aging genre franchise for a new audience.
0.7 Sherlock Holmes is back. I wish I could say this is the thrill ride of the season. But it's just--a ride of the season.
0.625 Not a great film by any stretch of the imagination, director Guy Ritchie's full-speed-ahead effort still qualifies as decent holiday-season fare.
0.875 Sir Arthur Conan Doyle's legendary sleuth gets a cinematic adrenaline shot for this wildly entertaining and action-packed mystery.
0.75 It's all knotted together, then unraveled with brio, by Holmes and Watson. There are fisticuffs galore, fiery combustion aplenty, and, yes, my dear reader, clever deduction.
0.75 Downey never winks -- hea(TM)s too much of a pro for that -- but like the man hea(TM)s playing, hea(TM)s much, much smarter than the movie hea(TM)s in.
0.3 The title of this picture should be changed immediately to "Robert Downey Jr."
0.75 This latest Holmes -- frequently stripped down to suspenders and pantaloons, the better for bareknuckle brawling -- may displease Arthur Conan Doyle purists but should find favor with audiences eager for a fun, witty action movie.
0.6 [Downey's] more masculine interpretation of the character is never anything less than startling, fresh, and altogether entertaining.
0.75 The delight of Downey and Law in combination proves you don't have to feature a great villain or a complete story if you've got two super heroes.
0.7 Sherlock Holmes is certainly entertaining but the Jerry Bruckheimer-type action is too constant, and I didn't feel a consistent flow in the movie.
0.7 Instead of relying of high-tech gadgetry and big-budget Hollywood CGI, Guy Ritchie's gritty Sherlock Holmes does what major films often don't: delivers big-payoff action sequences merely utilizing the body and mind.
0.7 If you can get past the hyperactivity of the film, you should have a good time.
0.8 Playing literature's greatest detective as a sort of self-loathing action hero, Downey has an absolute blast. And thanks to his performance in Sherlock Holmes, so do we.
0.7 To make Holmes palatable to technology addicted, everything's gotta-go-fast moviegoers throw Indiana Jones and Harry Potter themes at the screen and see what sticks.
0.7 Downey Jr. puts a perfect spin on the character in Guy Ritchie's comeback film which contains the greatest slow-motion explosion scene I have ever seen.
0.525 A visually stylish rush of adrenaline with an amusing, engaging performance by Robert Downey, Jr., but there's too much nauseating action and not enough palpable excitement while the mystery itself lacks intrigue and suspense.
1.0 Fueled by director Guy Ritchie's fast-paced action and Robert Downey Jr.'s uncanny skill at inventing his own unique spin on his characters, Sherlock Holmes thoroughly entertains from beginning to end.
0.7 The purists may cringe but those willing to accept this as simply another in a long line of reinterpretations of the Holmes and Watson stories will find much to enjoy,
0.875 Retains the spirit and a surprising number of details from the original source material. A sequel seems elementary.
0.5 Ritchie's 'Sherlock Holmes' is 'Brokeback Mountain' without the sex and depth of emotion.
0.7 Dazzling visuals and hipster dialogue, but a story that stays true to the original source material.
0.6 Gritty, action-packed take on famous sleuth's adventures.
0.75 The people who made Did You Hear About The Morgans? probably wish they cast Downey and Law instead of Hugh Grant and Sarah Jessica Parker
0.5 A brutal jackhammer of a movie that's more Jerry Bruckheimer than Sherlock Holmes.
0.8 Holmes and Watson are reinvented as action-movie stars in this infectiously entertaining, rollicking good yarn.
0.25 Dour, slow, and with little to stimulate the mind or the emotions, Sherlock Holmes is a big bust.
0.75 It's one of the more fun, big-budgeted, big-studio films to come around of late.
0.75 In Sherlock Holmes, Robert Downey Jr. cracks 'The Case of the Perfect Actor.'
0.75 This is a swashbuckling, pratfalling romp designed to make cerebral Holmes purists drop their monocles into their teacups.
0.8 Though purists may balk at Arthur Conan Doyle's literary world being manhandled into a blockbuster by never-subtle director Guy Ritchie, Downey has a winning take on Holmes: He's always on.
0.375 At times, Ritchie and company try so hard to make sure this isn't your father's Sherlock Holmes that it comes across as, well, cartoonish.
1.0 This is rip-roaring action-adventure of high order, a sometimes dizzying but ultimately thrilling display of showmanship on the part of the actors, director and screenwriters.
0.75 Robert Downey Jr. makes a perfect Sherlock Holmes.
0.4 It seems that an evil aristocrat, executed for a series of murders, returns from the dead to mobilize an ancient secret society that he may have time-traveled into a Dan Brown novel to learn about. Doesn't that sound fascinating? I thought not.
0.5 The game is not afoot.
0.5 Guy Ritchie is the worst screenwriter in the world, but, to be fair, he is not the worst director. He is only the worst director of the people who actually get to make movies.
0.875 I enjoyed the hell out of Sherlock Holmes.
0.45 As the new and implausible Sherlock Holmes, Robert Downey Jr. again lends his eccentric charms and complexly freighted persona to a role that doesn't deserve them.
0.625 As the title character, Downey, Jr. shines...
0.6 Sherlock Holmes is a noisy, brutish film that, while forgettable, is at least an entertaining romp.
0.6 Downey Jr. and Law are so good, they make up for the weak mystery.
0.5 Downey, playing the cerebral Holmes as a cleanliness-impaired action hero, and Jude Law, as Dr. Watson, make one yearn fondly for Basil Rathbone and Nigel Bruce.
0.8 Rollicking, irreverent, and yet true to the spirit, if not the letter, of the Holmsian canon, this is a version of Holmes that finds the perfect balance between cerebral and spectacle
0.9 If you want to finish 2009 with a fun, entertaining movie %u2013 go see Sherlock Holmes.
0.6 There's a mystery at the heart of Sherlock Holmes and it's not the one the great master of detection has been called on to solve. It's how a film that has so many good things going for it has turned out to be solid but not spectacular.
0.25 Charmless and shapeless, larded down with nonsensical action scenes, witless repartee and a "plot" stitched together by a committee of writers who've watched "The Da Vinci Code" too many times.
0.8 exhilarating
0.625 Pop culture's most enduring sleuth gets a welcome, modernized makeover in Guy Ritchie's Sherlock Holmes.
0.625 It's good enough to just sit back and enjoy Downey and Law plays Holmes and Watson as Victorian versions of Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid.
0.625 Yes, this Holmes is leaner and meaner, and Watson (Jude Law) is nearly his equal. But there's still something fussy about the result, as if bobbies had broken up the party at 11:59.
0.75 Put away your period-movie expectations and you just might have a lot of fun. What makes this movie work is actually something very old-fashioned: movie-star chemistry.
0.2 Arthur Conan Doyle's legendary bloodhound of justice given a less than awesome makeover.
0.8 ...just a single casting decision away from being another brilliant update. Instead, it's just a wonderful, if flawed, entertainment.
0.6 Stick that in your pipe and smoke it.
0.5 Guy Ritchie's Holmes reboot feels both too complicated and too elementary, dear Watson.
0.625 Guy Ritchie's frenzied, over-long "reimagining" of the much-adapted Conan Doyle character isn't quite the blasphemy you'd think, thanks to a solid cast and Robert Downey Jr's inherent likability as the title.
0.75 The less I thought about Sherlock Holmes, the more I liked Sherlock Holmes.
0.5 ...didn't entirely click for me, yet there is something to be said for the fact that I'm not dreading the inevitable sequel.
0.375 Who the deuce decided to filter Sherlock Holmes through Batman & Robin?
0.8 A yarn that at times feels like a throwback to the mega-actioners of the '80s, when leads could get away with being incorrigible cards as long as they had someone by their side to keep them grounded.
0.625 Old London, achieved via superb visual effects, is breathtaking in its grimy verisimilitude. And Downey is charming. But his world is jarringly frenetic, in the manner of most Ritchie films.
0.6 It's a pretty darn good time, and easily the best movie Ritchie's made in years.
0.5 The whole film doesn't feel so much like Holmes as a strange and unwanted sequel to Will Smith's Wild Wild West.
0.875 Ritchie's accomplished the feat of resurrecting his career as a pulp stylist (London's Tarantino--you could be called worse)...
0.6 "Sherlock Holmes" may feel a little too modern, more adrenaline than brain-power, more brash than British, but it's an all right action-pleasure if you don't mind that the game's more a-fist than afoot.
0.7 It's not that I would call Sherlock Holmes 'smart,' as I don't think it ever truly is, but rather 'not stupid.'
0.625 This is not your great grandfather's Sherlock Holmes.
0.9 Masterfully crafted by Guy Ritchie, this refreshing take on Sir Arthur Conan Doyle's sleuth is a great vehicle for Downey to create another distinctively eccentric character.
0.7 Ritchie's new school take on an old school icon is respectful without being overly reverential, loud and fun without becoming dumb and hollow, talky but never slow.
0.75 Full of new revelations about the old British sleuth whose exploits were based on the great Encyclopedia Brown.
0.6 Watching [the] tough, sarcastic Holmes chase the many carrots the film dangles for him is the chief pleasure in this crafty tangle of little clues and tightly wound action.
0.8 This Sherlock Holmes combines dark arts and action, wit and tongue-in-cheek mirth, to feel like a great film adaptation of a comic book version of Holmes.
0.375 This spazzy, sour project is to every previous Holmes picture as the Stephen Sommers Mummy pictures are to the great 1932 creeper The Mummy.
0.5 Not even Sherlock Holmes could make much sense out of the overplotted, murky mess that is Sherlock Holmes, although Arthur Conan Doyle's legendarily brainy detective would probably never buy a ticket to a movie as elephant-footed as this one...
0.625 Given a worthy story, Downey's Holmes might have been memorable. Here, he's an interesting character in search of a worthwhile story.
0.9 a ripping good time at the movies
0.75 The good news is that Ritchie, even as he packs in the explosions and last-minute rescues for the schoolkids, doesn't ignore the shank meat of Sir Arthur Conan Doyle's concept -- the esprit enjoyed by Holmes and Dr. Watson as thinking Englishmen.
0.5 Ritchie is all about the whooshing and headbanging, leaving no space between Holmes' words to savor their meaning. Downey is irresistible. The movie, not so much.
0.7 This 21st century re-imagining of Scotland Yard's supersleuth is less Arthur Conan Doyle and more Guy Ritchie. It's elementary that some "game's afoot."
0.6 A fun, action-packed reintroduction to Conan Doyle's classic characters. Part Two should provide more in the way of scope.
0.8 Guy Ritchie combines his kinetic direction with the limitless charms of Downey Jr and Jude Law to come up with terrific entertainment that's equal parts brains and brawn.
0.8 For with time running out on 2009, it's wonderful that one of the old year's last gifts should be a reminder of the superb possibilities of blockbuster cinema.
0.6 Ritchie's Sherlock Holmes is a riot. The director takes on a British institution with a swagger and a wink and the result is boisterous and unabashed fun.
0.4 [Guy Ritchie] has managed to steal hours of precious time belonging to cinemagoers everywhere for his latest silly escapade.
0.6 At two-hours plus, it goes on a bit but Ritchie appears in his element working from someone else's script and Downey Jr brings real verve to role previously known for its starch and conformity.
0.4 The plot is frequently incomprehensible, and Rachel McAdams's poorly photographed femme fatale could be edited out of the picture without making much difference. Most of the time, I hadn't a clue what she was doing, and she didn't seem to either.
0.8 The movie is alive with cinematic magic, played out in an expertly-recreated capital full of grime, grubbiness and occasional grandeur.
0.2 The script here is a pretext for fatuous action pyrotechnics, misfiring comedy, the inevitable star from Central Crumpet Casting and CG jiggery-pokery evoking Ye Olde London. In short: Doc, Sh'lock and Every Scraped Barrel.
0.6 Sherlock Holmes is a surprisingly enjoyable action / adventure romp that deserves the sequel it's obviously hoping for.
0.6 The film is Ritchie's most coherent bit of storytelling. The tone is light but not facetious and the pace would be hectic if there weren't so many humdrum lacunae.
0.6 Ritchie's 'Sherlock Holmes' is effective as a caricatured comedy adventure and shows some fidelity to Arthur Conan Doyle, especially in Downey Jr's portrayal of the eccentric but cold-hearted Holmes.
0.8 Ritchie, Downey Jr and Law have done just about as good a job at reimagining the great sleuth for the modern audiences as one could have hoped.
0.4 It's a hollow attempt at modernisation, and quickly grows dull. Watson's big dilemma - whether to quit his life with Holmes for marriage to lovely Mary has, at heart, all the depth of a Wham! song.
0.6 The film never recovers the head of steam from the opening ... but the Holmes-Watson duo fizzes to the end. On this showing, they deserve another case.
0.6 The pace rarely slackens throughout, the set pieces are explosive, the score relentlessly thunderous. Victorian London is recreated - relying on copious use of computer effects - with an eye for the grimy reality.
1.0 Brisk and brainy reworking of the legendary detective's mythos makes the delightful Robert Downey Jr. into a rumpled, complicated and alternately swashbuckling and pratfalling Holmes for our time.
0.78 At last, Guy Ritchie has found the perfect vessel for his sugar-rush, hyper-kinetic style of filmmaking.
0.6 Extremely violent Elvis-based robbery for 17+ only.
0.25 The Tarantino effect is very much in evidence in this trashy, senseless, and excessively violent actioner about a casino heist that goes uproariously awry.
0.5 ...an incoherent jumble of images...
0.8 Russell and Costner deliver up some of the most amusing portrayals of their careers as casino-robbing Elvis impersonators
0.0 Curse-a-my soul This movie couldn't be worse The prints should be delivered from the back of a Hearse
0.125 It insulted my intelligence, yes, but I still have some hope for the human race after watching it.
0.35 An exciting, action-packed heist sadly followed up by stupid con games and bad relationships.
0.625 While it does contain many action film clich&eacute;s, it also has some quirky characters who give it some charm.
0.4 You WERE expecting helicopters, weren't you?
0.2 I felt like I was there for 3000 hours.
0.375 Wouldn't have a clue about human kindness or romantic passion if they launched up and bit it in the nose.
0.25 It is, in every conceivable instance, over-baked and under-conceived.
0.45 It's not funny, brutally violent, packed with despicable characters and utterly meaningless.
0.4 There is such a thing as too much. And 3KMTG is much too much.
0.3 A grimy, ultra-violent, long and stupidly plotted Quentin Tarantino wanna-be.
0.2 The picture feels longer than Presley's career and as irrelevant as he was by the end.
0.125 It should be banned from theaters on the grounds that anyone unwittingly seeing it is being subjected to cruel and unusual punishment.
0.375 A sour and mean-spirited enterprise so desperate to please, it tries to be a yukky comedy and a hard-boiled action picture at the same time.
0.7 Fairly entertaining.
0.6 There are some plot holes that appear to have been set up to be resolved but just got left hanging when it was recut.
0.3 The smirking dialogue plays especially poorly in juxtaposition with the excessive violence.
0.625 One of the bloodiest and mind-bogglingly dumb action-adventures since the heyday of Steven Seagal.
0.15 Nonsense from its first frame to its last, stupid beyond even the conventions of its genre, it begs the question of responsibility.
0.1 A film that takes a shot at redefining shameless for a new generation.
0.7 The funnest movie that I've seen so far this year!
0.25 It really is true how when you make a copy of a copy of a copy, the most recent one doesn't pack the most quality.
0.4 The actors do what they can with a script that never should have made it across their agents' desks.
0.375 As flat as the Nevada desert where it is set.
0.7 A good ride.
0.3 Graceland even manages to make bad action films look good.
0.5 Yet another mindless, derivative, headache- producing assortment of senseless brutality and unconvincing romance.
0.5 Remains an uneasy, uncomfortable balance between a comedic romp and something remarkably darker.
0.375 Lichtenstein apparently thought quirks such as the sight of Paul 'Having My Baby' Anka firing a rifle would be enough to keep a viewer entertained.
0.8 Generally effective spy thriller with interesting cast
0.6 A very interesting experiment that combines moments of mad brilliance with outbreaks of pretentious tedium in about equal measure.
0.5 It doesn't bring anything new to the table. And its pacing, grim tone, and cheesy guitar riffs belong squarely in the '80s.
0.5 Violent, generic, not awful, but nothing more than that.
0.375 There's a good story somewhere in "Revenge of the Green Dragons," but it's not the one Lau and his colleagues chose to retell.
0.4 Vicious '80s gangs fight in graphically violent drama.
0.4 Loo and Lau have borrowed so liberally from sources like GoodFellas [that] they're essentially dressing it in one-size-fits-all gangster-movie clothes.
0.2 This crime drama wants to be a Chinese-American "Goodfellas," but it ends up just looking bad.
0.4 An undercooked crime-drama that feels like a pale imitation of the movies that clearly inspired it.
0.7 Revenge of the Green Dragons is an engaging and ruthless tale about the cycle of violence.
0.375 Like Better Luck Tomorrow, it tries to cut cool-movie poses under the pretense of providing an alternative racial viewpoint to typical genre tropes.
0.1 Like a bad episode of 21 Jump Street.
0.5 The movie thinks too diminutively of human intelligence, even by horror film standards.
0.8 it's the killer's bizarre motivations that truly terrify
0.0 ...amateurish and flat-out irredeemable...
0.8 Palumbo has managed to take the best pieces of horror, thriller, and truth and patch them together in a tirade of horrific and disturbing imagery.
0.0 Aspires to be a highly stylized exploration of the mind of a serial killer, but it's nothing more than a gory, bloodsoaked snuff film, reveling in its own shock value as women are stabbed, strangled, raped and mutilated.
0.2 The director Nick Palumbo is determined to shock through a fictional German-born serial killer, who makes his mission clear with every thrust of knife blade and pelvis.
0.75 An interesting effort to make the ultimate horror movie by imitating modern classics of the genre in a systematic way.
0.3 A rather sickening marathon strung together by the flimsiest of subplots and populated exclusively by blood-soaked strippers.
0.6 Really quite fun. Up to a point.
0.6 The plot may sound fairly simplistic but underneath the blood and guts there's a biting satire about rich cosseted students signing up to causes they hardly understand.
0.625 The Green Inferno receives a palpable shot in the arm from the characters' initial arrival into the tribe's primitive camp...
0.75 A fun and interesting twist on the travelogue sub-genre of horror ... far better than many horror movies with twice the budget.
0.7 A very slow start threatens to derail The Green Inferno, but once the terror begins, it never lets up and Roth once again proves why he's a master of horror.
0.7 if you want an absolutely brutal experience that's tough to endure, just like CANNIBAL HOLOCAUST, this is probably the movie for you.
0.4 Granted, any reconsideration of the slasher film deserves acknowledgment, but Bloodline remains too contrived and addled to transcend its genre.
0.6 Bloodline certainly works in an "indie calling card" fashion, and it should prove just entertaining enough to grab the attention of the hardcore horror fans.
0.4 If the story had stuck to its guns as a political thriller, it would have been fantastic. However, the sideline story of a codependent lover made things screech to a halt.
0.86 Makes you wish the makers - and especially the funders - of today's overblown big budget thrillers could be made to learn from some of the finer thrillers of the 1970s.
0.7 for complete nonsense, it's really quite entertaining
0.875 Pollack excels by establishing an interesting situation, sustaining it, and--in keeping with the paranoid-thriller genre--resolving it on a pleasingly ambiguous note. [Blu-ray]
0.7 The film still makes a dandy suspense yarn, with plenty of twists and turns.
0.75 ...an efficient exercise in Watergate-era paranoia.
0.875 This taut espionage thriller gained greater plausibility during its shooting when a sudden raft of sensational post-Watergate news items began coming out of Washington regarding illegal wiretaps, surveillance, and killings motivated by [politics].
0.6 Stylish and absorbing espionage thriller
0.8 Taught spy yarn for its time; Redford as always watchable.
0.875 Three Days of the Condor is a well-made thriller, tense and involving, and the scary thing, in these months after Watergate, is that it's all too believable.
0.8 Excellent paranoid thriller with an unforgettable opening
0.8 At its best moments, Three Days of the Condor creates without effort or editorializing that sense of isolation -- that far remove from reality -- within which super-government agencies can operate with such heedless immunity.
1.0 Redford, Dunaway, Von Sydow, Cliff Robertson and John Houseman turn in superb work, and the film is as pure a thriller as one could hope for, with a gripping premise, hurtling plot and a marvelous air of menace.
0.8 First-rate spy flick made by and with experts
0.6 Fine espionage thriller that features great performances by Redford and Dunaway. It's not perfect, but it's pretty close.
0.625 fascinating cultural artifact in its reflection of post-Nixonian government paranoia, but it doesn't make the most of its potential
0.6 Both entertaining and very intelligent thriller.
0.6 anatomises a moment in time when smalltown idiocy suffers the most surreally awful repercussions of cause and effect.
0.8 Enjoyable, smartly directed comedy thriller with a clever script and engaging performances from its ensemble cast.
0.6 Fast and fairly engaging ... but in the end it feels a bit pointless.
0.6 can be viewed more like an exercise in style than film in its own right
0.8 a classic a shaggy dog story [that keeps] things moving with an effervescent sleight of hand.
0.75 An inventive, black comedy.
0.75 ...gimmicky but ultimately enjoyable...
0.2 It offers a central conceit that makes no sense and a mystery that makes even less.
0.75 Blood sprays, limbs fall, bodies are chopped in half -- business as usual in this moderately diverting feudal Japanese revenge story, enlivened by peculiar plot twists and offbeat cinematic flourishes that greatly influenced Quentin Tarantino.
0.8 Mandatory viewing for all KILL BILL fans. Meiko Kaji is a heartstopping beauty with big, expressive eyes that are suitably haunted-looking for the character she portrays.
0.6 A very effective low-budget Deliverance ripoff. Up there with Piranha, The Evil and Capone as one of Roger Corman's most entertaining productions.
0.9 Swinton approaches Julia with an all-or-nothing attitude, creating an ungodly eccentric character and evoking an impressive array of audience emotions.
0.75 Tilda Swinton's strong central performance saves an otherwise routine drug drama.
0.2 One should hope Tilda Swinton has a good dental plan - it will come in handy when the time comes to pry out the scenery she aggressively chomps.
0.75 In Erick Zonca's tense and juicy noir, Tilda Swinton plays the title role with a crusty panache matched only by her matted, flaming-red thatch of hair (a character in its own right).
0.8 Tilda Swinton is electrifying in this riveting, knock-your-socks-off crime thriller that is just about as intense as movies get.
0.875 Charles Bukowski would have loved this foul-mouthed, fiery, reckless woman. Against all odds and common sense, you will, too.
0.75 In a sense, it goes to all the places a sensitive character study might have gone, but more dramatically, convincingly and vividly.
1.0 A nerve-wracking thriller with a twisty plot and startling realism.
0.7 Swinton is mesmerising as a messed-up drunk.
0.7 a tonally-consistent, lively thriller that is very much of the filmmaker's own little corner of the world
0.6 This is not really sure what it wants to be, an out-an-out thriller or a character portrait, but it exels at both in parts.
0.5 Boasts an electrifying, brave performance by Tilda Swinton and has a thrilling initial half, but eventually becomes tedious and convoluted while lacking plausibility and insight into the titular character.
0.9 Zonca's Julia is a difficult movie to stomach, but entirely worth the emotional unrest it puts through you.
0.4 We never get a good look at her demons, just the havoc they wreak.
0.375 Picture Fargo played with no sense of comedy, and you'll get some idea of the absurdity of this drunken floozy, clicking and wobbling on high heels, often with bits of her anatomy hanging out, trying to pull off the perfect crime.
0.75 Like any beautiful, heartbreaking wreck -- we can never take our eyes off Julia. Or the fierce and uncompromising actress bringing her to awful, astonishing life.
0.2 A bungled thriller that starts out badly and never recovers.
0.6 Ms. Swinton doesn't have Ms. Rowlands' tenderness, but, damn, she has just about everything else you need or want.
0.7 [Tilda Swinton] is on screen for nearly every second of this two-and-a-quarter-hour-plus film and it's a startling star turn indeed.
0.7 Will be remembered for the unforgettable performance by Swinton that drives this inventive thriller.
0.875 Zonca's story is an unruly beast, lurching this way and that like a biker hopped up on mescaline and paint thinner, its unpredictable rowdiness in sync with its out-of-control protagonist.
0.6 Swinton's character may be unsympathetic but the actress imbues her with a humanity that is engaging.
0.84 Julia is at once a marvel of screen acting, an unthinkably black comedy, and one of the few truly nail-biting suspense films to emerge this decade.
0.5 It's the slow burn of Swinton's idiosyncratic but engrossing interpretation of this unlikely heroine that holds the movie together and provides an end result that is both affecting and teasingly different.
0.4 Zonca has put together an ambitious and forthright story, but Swinton's contribution looks more like an actressy impersonation than a performance, and indeed Zonca's film itself looks like a European facsimile of Americana.
0.6 Weighing in at 140 minutes, it's a long, often difficult watch, but made compelling by Swinton's tour-de-force and some solid support, particularly Saul Rubinek as her sympathetic ex-boyfriend.
0.4 If the script had been half as powerful as Swinton, this could have been special.
0.4 Swinton's Julia is one of those performances that goes so far in repelling audience sympathy that it comes out the other side looking almost admirable.
0.8 Julia, by and large, is a tale of desperate opportunists, fugitive souls who survive by living on their wits, taking risks and making it up as they go along. It sometimes feels that a similar person is behind the camera as well as in front of it.
0.8 Gripping, tense and often wildly unpredictable thriller, superbly directed by Erick Zonca and featuring a ferocious central performance from Tilda Swinton.
0.8 It is no easier to warm to Zonca's film than to its central character - but it is impossible to take your eyes off either. Amoral, at times brutal, and full of surprises...
0.6 It's largely Tilda Swinton's presence that saves Julia from itself.
1.0 Nothing about this strange, moving work of agit-pop has ever seemed out of date. If anything, "Alphaville" moves closer to relevance with every passing year.
1.0 A bracing salute to American gangster pics, with a jumpy European post-war uncertainty thrown in.
1.0 Although this is drastically different compared to the rest of Godard's oeuvre, it has without a doubt had a lasting impact with its ground-breaking visuals.
0.8 Karina proves to be the beating heart of the movie, getting its piercing last line (no spoilers here). Yet it's Constantine's ravaged mug that you remember.
0.8 It may mean absolutely nothing, but it's undeniably one interesting ride -- across universes in a Ford Galaxy.
0.87 The haunting imagery and dystopian vision of Alphaville deserves comparison to Fritz Lang's Metropolis
0.4 New Wave classic. Set bold new standards. Whatever.
1.0 This cold war allegorical sci-fi film is imaginatively made and proves that sometimes the most mundane images can become dazzling in the right context.
0.8 Packed to the brim with imagination, particularly the insane 2nd half.
1.0 It works both as a philosophical treatise on politics and film as well as an entertaining and often amusing look at a future overrun by technology.
0.9 A poetic, funny, and visually inspired blend of sci-fi, detective-film satire, and political allegory.
1.0 Esta fascinante mistura de noir, 1984 e Admiravel Mundo Novo filosofa, como Solaris faria sete anos depois, sobre a natureza do homem e suas contradicoes.
1.0 Godard's masterpiece of French new-wave cinema. Essential viewing.
0.6 These ideas are more prevalent than ever, which tends to horribly date Alphaville against its more thought-out successors like A Clockwork Orange and Blade Runner.
0.4 Director Manuel Carballo seems to be trying for the psychological unease of Blindness, or perhaps of something by Cronenberg, but it's never more than artificial terror wrapped in bland social commentary.
0.625 This is a serious, austere film that feels as if it's barely restraining the B-movie within. In the end, it fights itself to a draw.
0.6 The Returned is a zombie movie without the zombies, generating scares through social commentary and human nature, which actually makes for a welcome change of pace.
0.8 Refreshingly intelligent, subversive and psychologically terrifying. It's much more than your average zombie film.
0.625 Carballo offsets the lack of surprise with such efficient suspense builders as propulsive music, ambient noise, realistic lighting and judicious handheld camerawork while efficiently explaining the science and politics behind what is happening.
0.4 The Returned is sort of about prejudice and paranoia, but for the most part, the social commentary is as absent as the action, with both taking a back seat to clever conceptualizing.
0.75 One of the most original, entertaining, and creepy zombie movies of recent years.
0.375 Manuel Carballo's film proves that the zombie narrative is still capable of subversion, but does so with the laziest, Lifetime-grade intimations of social relevance.
0.8 An intelligent consideration of a thorny subject, fueled by three great central performances.
0.7 You didn't understand all of it? It went by too fast to take it all in? There was too much information to mentally digest? Yeah, well, that was kind of the point.
0.6 Probes a significant subject but treats its people as mere stick figures carrying exposition from place to place.
0.8 Preferring probing questions to pat solutions, the film drills deep in its exploration of the US's ventures, both economic and military, in the Middle East.
0.75 The most troublesome part of Syriana is that the movie is, in fact, so easy to believe.
0.4 Gaghan kapitulira pred holivudskim konvencijama te film zaklju%u010Duje spektakularnom, ali banalnom i krajnje neuvjerljivom zavr%u0161nicom
0.5 Politically-paranoid, if well-intentioned, this disjointed message movie doesn't really do much more than indict the usual suspects.
0.75 Interesting and worth watching, despite the fact that complete comprehension of the film seems just beyond the reach of the viewer.
0.8 If there is any lesson the makers of Syriana want us to absorb, it is that we should trust no one where power and money are concerned.
0.75 Syriana really makes viewers work to try to understand the complexities involved in protecting (or resisting) U.S. interests in the Middle East.
0.4 No one-sentence synopsis is possible, but here's a stab: A bunch of people, played by George Clooney, Matt Damon, Jeffrey Wright, Christopher Plummer and others, stalk around looking serious and doing stuff.
0.8 Demanding, even confusing at times, this is required viewing that requires your full attention.
0.6 Un tenso e interesante thriller politico, si bien abrumador y por momentos confuso, sobre tema actual, con destacada labor de George Clooney.
0.4 There is a weird absence of both dramatic heat and political light here.
0.8 [Syriana] fulfils all the key criteria of a decent political thriller - it'll make you angry, it'll make you think and it'll scare the hell out of you.
0.9 Adept at delivering macro and micro perspectives without moralism or conviction.
0.8 You'll come away exhausted, but also exhilarated.
1.0 Longe de representar uma experiencia emocional, o longa exige dedicacao ao espectador - e se voce estiver disposto(a) a mergulhar na discussao sera fartamente recompensado(a).
0.8 Stephen Gaghan signe une %u0153uvre necessaire qui arrive au bon moment pour agrementer un debat sans que cela ne paraisse trop opportuniste.
0.625 A well-meaning, yet meandering and confusing political thriller.
0.75 Oil, war, global capitalism -- it's just not simple. It is by nature hard to understand. This picture gives you a sense of that complexity while it compels. Nice work.
0.8 A bleak and powerful movie, made all the more sobering by how much of it isn't fiction.
0.5 I'm not afraid to say that I just don't get what all the fuss is about.
1.0 A potent legend of modern international relations.
0.875 Syriana reminds us that movies can be about ideas and that the challenge of a complex plot can be invigorating ...
0.6 I did not understand a good deal of this film, and as a result, I found it nearly impossible to get engaged with the elements I did understand and I was unsurprised by many of the revelations purportedly sprung by this movie.
0.7 There are few movies released by major studios these days possessed with as much intelligence and purpose as Gaghan's.
0.625 The film throws so much information at you so quickly and so relentlessly that it's easy to become overwhelmed and confused.
0.5 The cinematic equivalent of a sound bite.
0.5 In movies I am always holding out for a hero. In this one, none appeared.
0.75 Rips its motivations from the front pages of our daily newspapers, blurring the line between reality and fiction with credible subplots and believable twists.
1.0 Rich, complex, multilayered and by turns maddening and depressing, Syriana emerges as one of the best films of the year.
0.5 All you need to know is everyone is a bad guy in one way or another, they all want money and/or power, and they'll do anything to get it.
0.875 It has a lot on its mind, and is not afraid to speak. So much so, in fact, that it should serve as a good crash-course in international energy affairs for those unfamiliar with the subject.
0.5 A film about going home and being good to your kids.
1.0 If you're looking for a feel-good move to get you into the holiday spirit%u2026 This isn't it.
0.75 The stories are all densely packed with detail and convincingly told.
1.0 It is a mesmerizing global economic and civics thriller that will - or should - start you thinking everytime you turn the ignition in your car.
0.75 If you enjoy complicated plots, you'll certainly get your money's worth at Syriana.
1.0 Gaghan, bless him, doesn't believe in dumbing things down
0.82 Takes the risk of losing its audience by interweaving four different storylines.
0.75 Gaghan advances the cast-of-too-many-characters in Stratego fashion, methodically moving them across a board riddled with oil-industry intrigues until they finally converge in the drama's explosive climax.
0.7 One of the most exciting movies of the year.
0.625 Not all of the stories on display here are as relevant or interesting as others.
0.5 They're all pawns of the oil industry -- or rather, they're pawns of director Stephen Gaghan.
0.5 The plots are not so much carefully interwoven as they are frantically blended, like a dubious cocktail whose true ingredients the bartender would like to hide.
0.8 While 'Syriana' takes much of its inspiration from current headlines, its greatest strength is not in how it reminds viewers of what they can see on a cable news channel but in how it can make its participants become convincingly human.
0.75 Some movies have everything going for them, except that little extra 'oomph'.
0.875 Watch closely and listen carefully during Syriana because Stephen Gaghan's movie is that rarity: a thinking person's drama.
0.5 It's hard to get passionately swept away by a movie when you're struggling continually to figure out who's doing what to whom and why.
0.5 The movie isn't terrible, many details are vivid, yet the depth is all sheen and display. It has some tough truths at heart, but its brain is a blurof fast cards dealt by an insecure croupier.
0.625 An occasionally incomprehensible work that still manages to be captivating and consistently watchable.
0.5 A political thriller should have a little mystery to it, but Syriana, while certainly noble in its ambition, is too indecipherable to add up to a great or even good movie.
1.0 Syriana is a challenging, thought-provoking work about the downward spiral of oil dependence throughout the world. It's just the thing to make you consider a hybrid for your garage or solar panels for your roof.
0.75 Gaghan asks us to piece together the story from the evidence onscreen, making the film almost an exercise in participatory investigative journalism.
1.0 Syriana is complex, engrossing, involving and depressing. Difficult to absorb, it is also difficult to accept, and it is one of the best films of 2005.
0.75 Syriana is a chillingly plausible bit of paranoia.
1.0 This is a great film from top to bottom and I can't recommend it more for the thoughtful movie fan. It's a great ensemble piece and a profound reflection of our own scary reality.
0.75 Syriana coolly dissects a system of duplicity, chicanery and corruption that has been in play for several decades now, and examines the consequences that it has borne.
0.625 Syriana is an ambitious edifice, built with conviction and skill. But I'm not sure I understand it, and I'm not sure I care.
1.0 It forces you to intently watch and listen and ask questions, something that in the past six years has been skillfully portrayed as an unpatriotic response to an increasingly complex international scenario.
0.8 A gorgeous, well-acted (by a gaggle of successful directors, in Clooney, Tim Blake Nelson, and Thomas McCarthy), Soderbergh-y undertaking, but it's going to go over like a fart in church.
0.875 Syriana is a fascinating movie -- and a substantive and thought-provoking one -- but it does not necessarily attain greatness.
0.75 Intelligent, political, incensed, timely, and appropriately cynical.
0.875 An intelligent dissection of the business, politics, emotions and conspiracies of the global oil industry that edifies as much as it entertains.
0.9 Du cinema intelligent pour spectateurs intelligents.
0.625 However it's Clooney's performance that will stick with you... One wishes his story was the focus of the film instead of one thread among many.
0.75 this movie could be the one where Clooney finally gets his due.
0.7 Your enjoyment of this movie will be in direct proportion to your patience. If you can stand not knowing everything right now and wait for the story's threads to weave into a rug, Syriana makes for an engaging time.
0.5 The problem with Syriana is not that it lacks good elements, but that it has no idea how them shape them into a comprehensible story.
1.0 Syriana is an endlessly fascinating movie about oil and money, America and China, traders and spies, the Gulf States and Texas, reform and revenge, bribery and betrayal.
1.0 Untangle the Gordian knot at the heart of Syriana and you find a riveting drama of succession.
0.75 Syriana is a caustic and cynical political thriller with a plot that occasionally confuses but a message that leaves no room for misinterpretation.
0.5 Whether you follow the oil or the money, as drama Syriana is a dry well.
0.5 Syriana is like a position paper, and scenes that should pull us in fall flat.
0.5 You keep straining to understand the bits and pieces of information that you can make out, but it still adds up to a lot less than the sum of its parts.
0.625 Syriana is an awards-season message in search of a movie.
0.75 The film's weary, politically wary vibe sticks with you.
0.5 I suppose if I created a flow chart of characters and devoted a few solid hours to it, I could make some sense of ... `Syriana.'
0.75 Maybe they should give editor Tim Squyres something - if not an Oscar, then antacid tablets.
0.9 Gaghan's script wisely sticks to the human story as things twist and turn.
0.75 It's intelligent agitprop, a stimulating fireball that deserves to be the center of water-cooler conversation.
0.25 Convoluted, disjointed and extremely dull...amounts to a bunch of ciphers having esoteric conversations about who knows what.
0.7 The result is both winning and problematic, though the positives sufficiently outweigh the negatives to make the result well worthwhile.
0.7 For all of the movie's flaws, I still have an enormous respect for Syriana and all of the work that into it.
0.25 Certain to be on Osama Bin Laden's top ten best list of 2005.
0.5 ...despite exceptional pacing it's so convoluted it is incomprehensible, except for George Clooney's message about America being the bad guy in the world.
0.8 Stephen Gaghan pulls it off by presenting an interesting menagerie of characters, a myriad of locations and a screenplay that overestimates rather than underestimates the audience's intelligence.
0.75 ...about as timely and captivating as modern issue-related cinema is likely to ever get.
0.75 Syriana is that rarest of animals -- the star-laden studio release that's all steak, no sizzle.
0.88 Syriana is a dense, layered film that is essentially this season's broccoli %u2013 it's good for you, and when prepared right (as Gaghan has), tasty.
0.7 This is propaganda. There's no doubt about that. It's also very well done, there's no doubt about that either.
1.0 A powerful political thriller, striking a resonating chord with the oil-connected news that unfolds every day.
0.75 It's a troubling vision of how terrorism and 'martyrdom' occur on both sides of this ghostly war, and is both perpetrated and facilitated by the very forces enlisted to stop it.
0.625 It leaves us gasping for air, scratching our heads and wondering if we've seen something truly important or something that just thinks it is. But at least it leaves us thinking.
0.625 A crisply acted and occasionally exciting ensemble film undone by murky plotting and thin character development.
0.75 The stars are all good here ... (and they're aided by supporting work from dependable performers such as Chris Cooper, William Hurt and Christopher Plummer) and Clooney -- and his story -- really shines.
1.0 A complex, intriguing narrative about oil, terrorism, money and power.
0.875 Hugely ambitious, excellently acted and very challenging.
0.625 The presence of George Clooney, Matt Damon and other fine actors helps you ignore your sense of descending ignorance as the movie unfolds. And the ending, when you think about it for a few days, does add up.
0.75 While it sounds glib to say that Syriana is educational at its best, I mean that as sincere praise.
0.9 A gripping thriller, a labyrinth of parallel plots, a moral message movie and a brutally realistic action picture.
0.75 Syriana isn't the perfect guide, but its torch probes the darkness further than most and shines brightly enough that blindness can no longer can be our excuse.
0.7 It's intimidatingly intelligent, definitely not a time-waster, and challenges the viewer to keep up. But mashing in so many stories also serves to weaken the film as a whole.
0.5 Damon again getting Gerry'ed out in the middle of nowhere encapsulates Gaghan's wandering around an issue that should leave us with something more substantial than one man trying to make sense of what just happened.
0.85 Syriana does for the oil industry what Traffic did for the drug trade.
0.6 a fitfully engrossing and overreaching film that is both somehow too much and yet not enough.
0.875 Thought-provoking and unnerving, emotionally engaging and intellectually stimulating.
0.9 A fearless and ambitious piece of work, made with equal parts passion and calculation, an unapologetically entertaining major studio release with compelling real-world relevance, a film that takes numerous risks and thrives on them all.
0.875 It's a wake-up call. In today's environment, it's a rare thing to find a movie with interesting characters in dense, intelligent storylines, but that's what Syriana offers.
0.875 Somehow, the movie convinces you, through its strengths of characterization and atmosphere, that it's showing a little of how the world really works -- and that the world's dark machinations are every bit as sordid and pitiless as your worst suspicions.
0.25 I'm still waiting to see the film that was advertised in its great trailer. As actually released, the movie is completely dead. ... One of the worst films of the year.
0.5 It has big ideas, but no pulse.
1.0 One of the best films of the year reveals the violence, the corruption, and the political chicanery involved in maintaining our addiction to fossil fuels.
0.8 Jamming too much into its 2 hours, pursuers of truth and controversy on film may well erect a statue to Clooney for bringing such material to us in an unadorned package.
1.0 No dry civics lesson, this fighting-mad film isn't just hot, it's incendiary. And no one gets off the hook. You see it with the exhilarating feeling that a movie can make a difference.
0.625 ...generally comes off as an effective adaptation of Scott Phillips' admittedly superior novel...
1.0 When a lot of you tell me you want intelligent movies made by adults for adults, you're asking for movies like this one.
0.9 90% cynicism / 10% hope, and it's jammed full of funny performances, dark divergences, and a low-key air of existential angst that you simply don't see in many multiplex movies. I love this one.
0.6 There's an enjoyably pulpy vibe to The Ice Harvest, aided considerably by the performance of a flame-haired, throaty-voiced Connie Nielsen who vamps it up like a 1940s femme fatale.
0.4 Both unfunny and rather gruesome
0.25 A total (bomb), the wrong project for almost everyone involved.
0.5 ... the film's difficult genre straddling never quite congeals.
0.5 A film populated by nasty characters who spend nearly 90 minutes doing nasty things to one another. That some of those things are darkly funny helps, but not enough to merit a viewing.
0.75 How I wish I hadn't seen "Kiss Kiss Bang Bang" just days before I saw "The Ice Harvest."
0.75 ...An enjoyable early Christmas present...
0.25 Another barren black comedy that skates a thin line between bad taste and gift-wrapped stupidity.
0.6 Feels too much like Coen Brothers Lite -- and it's too busy nailing down the cynicism to worry too much about the quirkiness that tends to make the Coens' work palatable.
0.375 As an exercise in neo-noir, the film is surprisingly inert, and as a dark comedy, it fails to offer many laughs.
0.625 Viewers are likely to leave this movie not having laughed as much as they expected, not having gotten as many thrills as they hoped for and ambivalent to the experience.
0.75 The Ice Harvest delivers a nice mix of humor, tension, and seediness.
0.3 The film's various elements lump together like so many strippers at a Christmas Party %u2013 clearly anomalous but trying to present a cohesive front.
0.5 The Ice Harvest is like Sin City without the bold style and crooked smile, disgorging grisly bloodbaths without drawing artful things out of them.
0.625 ... a thriller that's not very thrilling but is as violent as the best of them.
0.7 Casting Cousin Eddie as a Mob heavy is the least of Harvest's comic genuius.
0.75 [T]he tired heist concept is considerably enlivened by excellent casting and behind-the-camera pedigree.
0.5 [T]here's little to laugh at.
0.5 Ramis keeps the action moving at a good pace, but his film lacks the manic menace of Fargo.
0.8 Delightfully seedy outing involves cold cash, hot women, cruel betrayal and Christmas Eve.
0.375 The Ice Harvest is supposed to be a thriller with dark comic elements, but the movie stops being entertaining fairly early on, and none of its characters is even remotely likable.
0.6 Make no mistake: This is an R-rated, mean-spirited movie for which Christmas makes a great backdrop, but only if you really hate Christmas. If not, It's A Wonderful Life is sure to be playing somewhere.
0.875 The movie twinkles sardonically, like the eyes of the Grinch when Chuck Jones animates the character's most cunning, twisted smile.
0.5 The Ice Harvest may not be as bad as a lump of coal in your stocking, but it isn't as exciting as a new pair of socks either.
0.375 Few cinematic experiences are more depressing than a black comedy that isn't funny.
0.5 Starts with great scripting & a sweet quirky tension that sets the film skating. Unfortunately, the writing cracks and all breaks through the ice. Platt performs strongly.
0.75 Manages to entertain, even if it does leave you feeling unsatisfied.
0.4 A morose, unhappy, sometimes depressing flick.
0.5 The Ice Harvest has talent to spare in front of the camera, but isn't nearly as smart or sharp as it would like to be.
0.5 Given that pedigree, it's all the more disappointing that this movie falls flat.
0.75 How about something a little nasty for the holidays? Harold Ramis' take on crime writer Scott Phillips' hard-boiled yuletide noir may be just what Santa ordered.
0.5 As a feel-bad holiday comedy, The Ice Harvest sometimes recalls Thornton's own Bad Santa, though it's never as outrageously funny, and Thornton doesn't get nearly as much to do.
0.25 Ice Harvest, sir, is no Groundhog Day.
0.25 In my movie fridge, The Ice Harvest packs in far beneath Iceman, The Ice Storm and The Iceman Cometh. It suffers freezer burn even below Ice Palace and Ice Station Zebra.
0.625 This is strictly B-movie fare.
0.375 A surprising misfire on all counts ...
0.75 [A]s an antidote to the sugary confections of the season, its hung-over cynicism works wonders.
0.4 [A] woefully miscalculated, distressingly unfunny dark comedy in the Grifters mold.
0.3 Crammed with barflies, strippers and assorted reprobates, The Ice Harvest easily takes the honors as this holiday season's biggest and dirtiest lump of coal.
0.75 The Ice Harvest is a treat for everyone who hates holidays.
0.5 The Ice Harvest aims to be a comedy crime caper that's light as a bubble, but too many crooks spoil the froth.
0.5 ... seems slight and underdeveloped.
0.625 [G]enerates more nervous smiles than belly laughs ...
0.8 The Ice Harvest is as smooth as a dry martini, and it's an unalloyed pleasure to behold Cusack and Thornton playing off each other.
0.625 It's neither convincing -- nor, just as importantly clever -- in pulling off its thriller story line, and it's not funny enough to sustain your interest, save for its hilariously chaotic 20-minute middle section.
0.625 [A] lightweight Bad Santa.
0.3 ...a nihilistic, bloody, violent, vain attempt at a humorous noir without humor.
0.75 What does Billy Bob Thornton have against Christmas?
0.7 Almost none of it will stay with you...wait to rent it.
0.75 ... Ice Harvest does not take itself seriously and at least provides an amusing respite from the forced cheeriness of the season.
0.5 The Ice Harvest is too tepid to have much taste either way, and it ends up lulling us to apathy.
0.75 Ramis gives this twisted thriller the grim irony Quentin Tarantino and his followers boast of, but don't understand.
1.0 The Ice Harvest is a hearty hued anti-jovial, though oddly not anti-humorous, Christmas neo-Noir that'll have you giggling with morbid glee, and properly cringing where need be!
0.75 The movie, directed by Harold Ramis, finds a balance between the goofy and the gruesome.
0.25 This Harvest yields nothing but chaff.
0.75 Bumptiously entertaining.
0.2 It's entirely possible that Billy Bob Thornton and John Cusack phoned in their parts in The Ice Harvest. But in these modern times, they probably e-mailed.
0.7 A dark comedy that's about as far as you can get from the 'warm fuzzy holiday film for the whole family'.
0.625 Ramis might have been onto something had he been able to include less ice and more harvest.
0.625 Ice Harvest has its laughs, but you may come out of the theater feeling like you need to take a shower.
0.625 Zesty enough to make the ol' noir two-step seem worthwhile.
0.75 Ramis does some of his best work balancing the immoral tone of the plot with biting humor that rises from the situations and not just fitted in as obvious tension relievers.
0.375 In many ways, The Ice Harvest is like half of a movie.
0.6 a smart and angst-ridden piece of crime existentialism that loses only its nerve, never its brain.
0.625 Falls into place too little and too late.
0.5 The movie builds some suspense around our curiosity about the theft, but we don't know enough about anything to get involved.
0.5 Harold Ramis' aptly titled The Ice Harvest has the cynicism in spades, but stylistic savoire faire has been replaced by take-no-prisoners boorishness.
0.375 A comic noir that feels like a direct-to-DVD movie that could have easily starred Matthew Modine, Dennis Hopper and Gina Gershon.
0.75 The Ice Harvest is an odd twist on the Christmas crime movie and a strangely therapeutic use of the Cusack pout.
0.25 Anyone expecting laughs from this dark holiday comedy will be disappointed by this ho-ho-horrible movie.
0.6 It's an anti-Christmas black comedy for every card-carrying Grinch.
0.75 The dialog is as wickedly funny as the sets are tackily humorous.
0.75 The Ice Harvest proves that modest, workmanlike film noir need not be accompanied by hipster homages and ironic self-consciousness.
0.7 Comedy director Harold Ramis achieves a showy, shadowy gang-who-couldn't -shoot-straight satire in a The Grifters cross with The Perfect Plan.
0.4 The north-of-the-border setting promises fresh perspectives but local novelty can't disguise universal cliches, despite Dillahunt's memorably haunted star turn.
0.7 With quiet intensity, this contained drama feels like a stage play with its intimate approach and limited cast and settings. It also has a strong thematic kick that's both emotional and political, without ever being preachy.
0.75 ...often more effective as an actor's showcase than as a fully realized cinematic experience...
0.7 The story shapes itself into a sophisticated psychological thriller where suspense is everything. Who will deal with the outsider?
0.5 This spare drama about the aftermath of war goes only so far on the strength of its sincerity, carefulness and good intentions.
1.0 The penultimate installment of the LONE WOLF AND CUB series gets back to the basics ... Just plenty of mano a mano swordfighting.
0.8 Has the matter-of-fact look and careful pace of a precinct-house procedural.
0.8 The deep cynicism would be depressing if it weren't so riveting.
0.875 Regarding Michel Piccoli's Max, Claude Sautet's film resists judgment, neither condoning nor signposting the despicable nature of his choices.
0.3 The Night Listener shamelessly jerks its audence this way and that, until it arrives at its lacklustre anti-climactic conclusion.
0.5 Even at 82 minutes, the film seems padded out, spinning its wheels and generating no suspense once the central, easily answered question is introduced.
0.75 ...effectively captures the essence of the novel without slavishly adhering to its every nuance...
0.7 A small suspense-thriller to scratch your Hitchcockian itch.
0.5 ...never got me involved enough with its main character or its supporting characters to make me feel one way or another about them or their predicaments.
0.5 While the film claims to be based on real-life events in the life of author Armistead Maupin, there are more than a couple of sequences that strain credibility, causing the audience to question its veracity.
0.2 Robin Williams's face is permanently on its smiling-through-emotional-pain setting.
0.8 The Night Listener is intriguing, thought-provoking and harrowing by turns, with fine central and supporting performances and a richly satisfying feel.
0.6 You should find this watchable and moderately clever; it's just a shame that it tries to sound weighty about truth and love, instead of getting on with being scary.
0.4 However, the film brushes over certain elements of the book (most notably Gabriel's relationship with his partner) and shies away from its more important themes (AIDS, child abuse etc), leaving the equivalent of a sanitised TV version of the book.
0.6 There's absolutely nothing wrong with this movie that a good story wouldn't fix.
0.0 Their protagonist, Robin Williams, is just so self-pitying he is completely unsympathetic. I didn't care what happened to him. I never cared if he was in danger or putting himself in danger.
0.4 All roads lead to dead ends, in dramatic and investigative terms.
0.6 At only eighty-two minutes long, the film zips along--and keeps you guessing.
0.625 The deeper the story goes, the more it unravels, leading to a damaging finale that isn't ambiguous as much as it's asinine.
0.8 It's the desolation of sadness stemming from the realization Noone's alone that's behind the search for a reality that perhaps doesn't exist that makes the film powerful.
0.75 The pacing and staging of the later scenes could use a little more electricity and momentum, and a little less restraint. Yet The Night Listener keeps you watching. And listening.
0.875 The Night Listener is a rather intense psychological character piece that keeps you on edge, as well as intrigued, with the promise of malevolence at every turn.
0.875 "The Night Listener," a disturbing adults-only film, is anything but a mainstream fiilm.
0.5 Leaves us in the dark, with no real answers -- you know, just like life!
0.375 If you watch and listen closely, it will dawn on you that this thriller has everything going for it -- except a clincher ending.
0.5 Like a stick of butter ... awfully tough to swallow in one sitting.
0.5 In Stettner's The Night Listener, Williams applies for his license to creep out the masses in a mopey and mediocre character study of atmospheric tension and chaos.
0.6 It's worth seeing for the performances, but it's something to go in with low expectations on the plot itself.
0.125 Very little pay off. Worse, the film cheats. It belies its own integrity by including shots meant only to mislead the audiences, ultimately to contradict its own storyline.
0.75 ...a small, grown-up movie for people who want a breather from all the current blockbusters, cartoons, and dumb comedies.
0.6 It's fitting that kaleidoscopic images introduce this psychological thriller in which reality and fantasy collide and splinter into cinematic fragments.
0.6 It's unlike anything else out now, and Williams, to his credit and our immense relief, has for the moment foresworn his usual giddiness in favor of a muted, hunched acting style that befits both the character of Noone and the overall tone of the film.
0.75 In Patrick Stettner's confident direction, with Lisa Rinzler's ominous-to-spooky cinematography, Williams and Collette carry off a fine visual realization of what is essentially a theater-of-the-mind piece.
0.5 Murky and uninspired.
0.4 It's surprising that a story with such a great hook could be turned into a flat, uninvolving film.
0.5 (Stettner) sets up a rule that the movie is about the psychological conditions of its characters, and what they can teach us about ourselves. He then switches games and asks us to believe the spook is its own excuse.
0.875 A quiet, measured and resolutely unnerving mystery, The Night Listener is one of the year's most assuredly intelligent releases.
0.4 Early reviews compare this to Hitchcock, but Hitch was never this obvious. Even at less than 90 minutes, this is a drawn-out, butt numbing sit.
0.6 A moving mystery of the heart based on a novel by Armistead Maupin about the lengths some people will go to find acceptance and love.
0.75 Rather than building to a slam-bang payoff, it lulls us in, almost without care.
0.625 A dreary misfire.
0.5 Novellist Armistead Maupin and collaborators Terry Anderson and Patrick Stettner have put together a taut thriller with excellent acting and direction which is sadly marred by a touch of misogyny.
0.4 The movie might make for a good book, but it's too awkward and lacks the necessary action for a film. And Williams' rather sluggish approach doesn't help much. Eventually, we just aren't interested in tagging along with him.
0.75 An eerie, occasionally disturbing motion picture focused on the differences between perception and reality.
0.4 The story backs itself into a corner and gets lost trying to find a satisfactory way out.
0.83 ...glides over the surface of some intriguing questions, not the least of which is what an author owes the real people who inspire his stories.
0.5 If this story came over my airwaves I would be real tempted to change the station.
0.875 a very simple plot, but they mine every possible piece of tension and danger out of it to create a very eerie movie where danger is just around every corner.
0.875 Tidy psychological thriller taut with tension and intrigue.
0.625 80 percent a superb thriller, backloaded with 20 percent gotcha and goodbye. That's a scandalous way to treat a viewer.
0.7 A surprisingly taut thriller, even though there really isn't anything that thrilling about the subject matter.
0.375 This Sundance dud is a turgid gay soap opera with a limp twist, showcasing Robin Williams at his maudlin worst.
0.5 ...an oddly inert thriller, a movie of shocking revelations and sneaky twists that somehow still never jars you.
0.5 The Night Listener, a movie with lots of heart but no heartbeat.
0.5 File The Night Listener under Missed Opportunities.
0.625 This not-great movie, like the not-great book it's based on, is worthwhile because it puts us in the kind of uncomfortable place where we're forced to examine our own beliefs.
0.625 There's more to this story than meets the eye -- or ear -- especially when Collette, magnetic in her intensity, appears as a figure straight out of Vertigo or North by Northwest.
0.625 Where the hero of Maupin's novel learns some valuable lessons about love and faith, the film strikes a darker, even angry tone that's far more understandable and, in the end, far more convincing.
0.875 The Night Listener reveals itself in a grippingly quiet and enigmatic style reminiscent of Hitchcock.
0.8 The Night Listener is quirky and a little spooky, with a smart, literate script and polished direction from Patrick Stettner.
0.8 Night Listener draws you in to a tale well-told.
0.5 The thriller is suspenseful enough, with a spooky mood and some real shocker moments, but the audience has to be willing to forgive its lack of rationality, as well as its totally cryptic conclusion.
0.5 Noone [Williams] is a lethargic, beaten, humorless man, and the film is plugged into the same lifeless energy source.
0.75 The Night Listener, based on a real event in the life of novelist-turned-screenwriter Armistead Maupin, is a tranquil and alluring little thriller that makes up in earnestness what it lacks in surprises.
0.625 Although it may not satisfactorily work all of its many ideas out, The Night Listener does thoughtfully explore the myriad games people play -- on themselves as well as others -- in the universal search for gratifying affection.
0.4 Based on a novel by Armistead Maupin, which was based in turn on an episode in Mr. Maupins life, The Night Listener explores a shadowy region between truth and fiction.
0.625 The Night Listener has much to recommend it, but I find myself less than enthusiastic precisely because this movie made me feel so lousy.
0.5 The Night Listener should have been a better film than it is and I can only think to blame Williams' lacklustre performance for ultimately letting the audience down.
0.625 More intriguing than enthralling, more creepy than disturbing, The Night Listener runs a tidy 80 minutes yet still feels stretched.
0.5 Williams' solemn one-note performance, which we've seen variations of before in his 'serious films,' Insomnia and Good Will Hunting, ruins what should be a ghoulishly entertaining game of cat and mouse.
0.5 Director Patrick Stettner -- seems unable to settle on what The Night Listener actually wants to say.
0.75 It's a film about people with mixed motivations (maybe even compulsions), who don't always behave with full self-awareness or self-control.
0.5 Adapted from Armistead Maupin's highly anticipated, woefully executed 2000 novel, this is surely among the best bad movies of the year.
0.625 As gripping as The Night Listener wants to be, it's also nearly devoid of suspense because you know it's supposed to be suspenseful.
0.5 There's so much menace and portent in this adaptation of Armistead Maupin's novel that you're psyched for a high-voltage compound of shock and awe that never materializes.
0.75 The Night Listener has flaws, particularly a double ending that raises more questions than it resolves, but it conjures a haunting mood of anxiety that settles around you like a shroud.
0.625 The Night Listener features a chilling mood and an excellent turn from Williams, finding both frailty and strength in a man desperately searching for answers as his world gradually implodes.
0.875 Sometimes, holding up even a small mirror to contemporary anxieties is enough, which The Night Listener does by skillfully exploiting a mass distrust that's currently reverberating from book clubs to the blogosphere.
0.75 The fine line between fiction and reality are put to the test in this unconventional thriller, which is elevated by Toni Colette's performance.
0.7 Presents one of the most fascinating characters of the year... a cool, calculated remedy to the late-summer doldrums.
0.8 an engrossing thriller that probes the human psyche and is coy about giving up its secrets too easily
0.875 Running just 81 minutes, it delivers its fascinating little tale with the succinctness and emotional power of a great short story.
0.5 As far as topicality goes, The Night Listener's account of authorial deception certainly benefits from its parallels to the recent outing of JT Leroy as a fraud.
0.6 The story is fascinating and often disturbing, but the film never really gets beneath the surface.
0.75 The slippery natures of truth, fiction, lies, and wishful thinking...get full play in the screen adaptation of The Night Listener.
0.6 The thriller is relatively consistent at maintaining the suspense and dramatic tension that made the original work of fiction so compelling to the celebrated writer's loyal group of fans.
0.4 By the time the credits rolled I was bored rather than stunned by the revelations within the movie and I just want these type of reversal/twist movies to get better, or go away.
0.4 A ... studied, narratively elliptical creation.
0.8 The Grandmaster is something pretty special.
0.5 Quick, what's the first thing you do as a director trying to make yourself seem cool, besides editing the movie backwards? Right! You shoot your scenes in one continuous shot.
0.875 A quixotic film of tone-poem rhythms about the unquenchable desire for lost love.
1.0 A hypnotic and intense masterwork on grief, the afterlife, and the yearning of the soul that can turn darkness into light.
0.6 The film's attempts to expose flaws in the criminal justice system or give insights into the war against terror seem superficial, but Closed Circuit is entertaining in a sub-Hitchcock way.
0.7 I think this moves at a rapid pace. I think it has got really good performances.
0.7 This is a genre I usually enjoy and while CLOSED CIRCUIT has some shortcomings it's a thought-provoking thriller.
0.4 A story that hinges on a point of legalese is every bit as dreary as it sounds.
0.5 Even allowing that the shortcomings of tactfulness are partly what it's about, the film's own tactfulness feels vaguely unsatisfying.
0.4 With superficial characters, this look at the British justice system is a dour disappointment.
0.4 A twisty, attention-demanding legal thriller, it works for about half its length before the plotting and plausibility suddenly, inexplicably turn to water.
0.5 If this is indeed the time to ask hard questions of ourselves and our government, Closed Circuit shouldn't be the film we turn to for inspiration.
0.6 The trailers have sold this film as a slick thriller, but unfortunately Closed Circuit is more chamomile tea than Red Bull.
0.6 An entertaining reminder that legal affairs are rarely black and white.
0.4 Closed Circuit may tackle some heavyweight issues but it ends up feeling lightweight.
0.4 Some moody night-time London location work from cinematographer Rob Hardy almost saves the day, but overall it's a losing battle.
0.4 Closed Circuit is too full of play-acting to resonate with our jittery moment as more than a skit, perhaps because half its cameras feel as though they're pointed in the wrong direction.
0.4 The gunmetal cinematography and sleek backgrounds plunge us so quickly into Conspiracy Central that we immediately assume the worst of every police officer, judge and cabinet minister.
0.6 This London-set political thriller is a damp squib.
0.4 Enjoyment of this film rather depends on believing that our security services might not only be corrupt but so inept that a young female barrister could overpower an agent with a licence to kill, and a 14-year-boy could easily escape from a safe house.
0.4 It plays as cut-price Le Carre; a recording of a recording of superior films. The picture is fuzzy, and the plot becomes garbled.
0.4 John Crowley emails in his directing: "Get actor A to say his line, then get actor B to say hers."
0.4 Let down by clunky dialogue, plodding direction, a stultifyingly dull performance from Eric Bana and a lack of chemistry between the two leads.
0.2 Paranoia reigns on the streets of London in this drab, noir-tinged slog with Rebecca Hall and Eric Bana.
0.6 It's a slow-burning, well-acted thriller that's only really let down in its third act: an unsatisfyingly limp denouement that fails to convey what's at stake with any sort of suspense.
0.5 Plot black holes quickly emerge and start to suck all believability out of the film.
0.6 Ultimately, the far-fetched plot is its undoing, crippling what could have been a compelling insight into the dirty works of the security services without recourse to over-familiar action setpieces.
0.4 It's too plodding to work as a paranoid thriller and too ham-fisted to work as anything deeper...
0.2 Ropey performances, join-the-dots plotting and nail-shreddingly awful dialogue.
0.4 With Eastern Promises and Dirty Pretty Things, screenwriter Steven Knight has proved his ear for London's darker rhythms. Here, though, there's little to raise the pulse.
0.75 'Closed Circuit' is an enjoyable, rather quiet British thriller with no pyrotechnics or superheroes. Instead, it's more of a courtroom drama about politics and cover-ups.
0.7 Part of the film's problem is that the emotional core of the story comes with its own case of closed-circuitry. But, don't get me wrong -- it's not a total miss.
0.75 A lot of classy talent is involved--and so expectedly on point are their efforts that one almost overlooks the overall rote and mechanical workings.
0.7 Subdued yet suspenseful, a timely conspiracy thriller.
0.75 Pretty solid in an old-fashioned sense, a movie committed to refined, quality storytelling without a whole lot of extra heft.
0.5 A dreary and derivative thriller that is nowhere near as smart or controversial as it clearly believes itself to be.
0.6 Even though the film's plot completely unravels in the last half-hour of the movie, I still enjoyed the set-up enough.
0.35 If you're going to do pulp, do pulp. Don't dress it up in something serious.
0.625 We're probably not inspired by these characters to be better people, but we are reminded through them of how much harder it is to stand by our principles in life's biggest moments when we haven't had much practice doing so day to day.
0.5 Eric Bana and Rebecca Hall provide solid performances but a muddled story makes Closed Circuit a political, but not very thrilling, political thriller.
0.5 I wonder if the constant repetition in an entertainment context of the idea that government is corrupt and deceitful inspires weariness, resignation and even acceptance in the public mind, rather than outrage or a demand for reform.
0.7 It may leave you feeling underwhelmed, but the journey to get there is well worth the ride.
0.6 "Closed Circuit" peters out too early to be truly memorable, but the film is nevertheless an entertaining legal at a time when theaters could use something good to sell.
0.75 Sharp ensemble work ups this thriller's intelligence quotient.
0.4 All the ingredients of a good thriller are here, they just never come together and Closed Circuit doesn't deliver.
0.3 Director John Crowley should apologize to his cast, especially the underrated Eric Bana and Rebecca Hall, for mismanaging this story. What could have been an exciting international thriller is instead a head-shaking, poorly-executed bomb.
0.625 A thoroughly watchable film for fans of British political thrillers, Closed Circuit is tense and fun, even if it's not a work of genius.
0.4 I'd gladly pay to see Jim Broadbent do pretty much anything, but even he can't save this taut, stylish, but finally meh foray into the shadowy landscape of high-echelon statecraft gone haywire.
0.75 In short, it feels unoriginal. And yet, thanks to all the highly skilled personalities involved, it's still exciting to watch -- much like re-reading a great whodunnit even though you know who did it.
0.75 The movie is low-key but each scene is packed with information. Full understanding demands full attention.
0.7 Even if the movie doesn't make any big statements, it tells a story well enough that it doesn't need to.
0.2 stumbles, falls, and then goes splat
0.625 It's Michael Clayton-lite.
0.5 It doesn't really have any grand message other than 'government is kind of shady,' but the microchip implanted in your brain by the NSA could have told you that.
0.5 It's a film that eschews intrigue and insinuation for government agents who monologue about the dangers of free speech and fair trials while garroting their victims.
0.4 This officious, aggravatingly overexplained drama gets more washed out and dull as it goes along.
0.6 Closed Circuit raises highly pertinent issues about our descent into 24/7 surveillance and what can happen when a democratic government targets its own citizens to keep its secrets secret.
0.8 A riveting thriller that reveals the widespread use of surveillance technology in the war on terrorism.
0.4 wants to argue for its post-millennial, post-modern import. Instead, it can barely hold its own - legally, logically, or logistically
0.5 This may be worth a look for those who enjoy a nice proper British mystery on the telly. Yet as it stands it would be near impossible to recommend going to the cinema or paying a costly VOD price.
0.7 ...if you can keep up with the arcane British legal process...it's an entertaining thriller highlighted by fine acting.
0.5 Rife with convenient coincidences, predictable plot contrivances and breathtakingly perfunctory revelations.
0.75 Directed unfussily and well by John Crowley, "Closed Circuit" has enough on the ball in terms of atmosphere and crafty performances to take your mind off the gaps in logic.
0.75 "Closed Circuit" is steeped in the details of English law, and rather than being obscure or arcane, these details ground the film and give it an authentic air.
0.375 The classy cast, especially Broadbent -- who keeps earning his 2002 Oscar over and over -- keeps things watchable, but "Closed Circuit" grows increasingly contrived.
0.875 Closed Circuit will engage you from the explosive opening frames. It may also leave a deep impression about the limits of personal freedom in a society where electronic eyes are everywhere.
0.75 Not only an intelligent, well-told and deftly acted story, it provides refreshing counter-programming in a season filled with noisy, uninspired sequels and mindless action movies.
0.625 Although cloak-and-dagger fans might be intrigued by the foggy atmosphere, "Closed Circuit's" conspiracy theories are mostly suspect.
0.7 A crisply enjoyable, professionally executed paranoid thriller of the "everyone is out to get us" variety.
0.5 A credulity-straining thriller featuring a few good paranoid moments - and, perhaps most important, Rebecca Hall running in high heels.
0.75 Director John Crowley trots his crew around London, working up a suitable amount of suspense. And paranoia.
0.5 Mostly, this movie is a series of well-acted implausible events, tied together by a lot of scenes of people running.
0.6 A British political thriller that deliberately tones down the thrills, muting its own spy and terrorism themes in favour of a legal battle.
0.6 A slick, tasty slice of late-summer nonsense ...
0.25 A mystery-thriller-romance that is conspicuously missing three things. One is mystery, another is thrills and the last is anything approaching romance.
0.5 You hear that we're getting a British political thriller titled "Closed Circuit" and you instantly start to imagine the creepy possibilities.
0.625 Closed Circuit is the sort of movie that makes you wonder: Why was this made?
0.5 A light garnish of greater-good propaganda is supposed to make this potboiler palatable for contemporary audiences, but "Closed Circuit" is really a reheated leftover.
0.9 Intelligent, compelling drama of a kind we don't get very often.
0.5 Faced with an unjust world, Closed Circuit waves the white flag.
0.75 A smart script by Steven Knight keeps the action humming along smoothly and concisely - if sometimes, it must be said, a bit illogically.
0.4 It's entertaining but misses the impact that can make the genre special.
0.5 Captain Obvious goes to England.
0.5 Closed Circuit does nothing to separate itself from the numerous other genre titles that are released every year, depicting the same political thriller norms we've seen used time and time again.
0.5 I won't be the only one to go for this pun, but "Closed Circuit" shorts out.
0.6 Motors along at such a slow pace it hardly earns its moniker of 'thriller,' often keeping any real tension at an aggravating minimum.
0.375 It fails as a critique of draconian security states and surveillance culture, moving too fast to properly consider any of the well-worn ideas it glosses over.
0.5 Despite breathless proclamations about 'the biggest, most high profile murder case in British history' and timely trappings of closely held government secrets threatening to come to light, it all turns out to be rather boilerplate.
0.3 The whole picture is lifeless and without consequence and by the time everyone is chasing each other in the last scenes I guarantee your mind will be off somewhere.
0.375 Has a smattering of effective moments and a creepy cinematographic look to it, but the sequel's redundancy to its predecessor and pulseless feints at tapping into human emotion leech the suspense out of the picture.
0.5 Director Tom Harper frames the occasional lovely creepy shot, but the grayness is so enveloping it turns many night scenes and interiors into smoky blurs; the promising wartime themes similarly lose focus.
0.4 Falls short thanks to its contrived banality, too concerned with matching the exploits of the preceding endeavour than being unique and inventive in its own right.
0.4 Composed out of almost nothing but half-measures and recycled ideas, and the result is worse than terrible: it's astoundingly mediocre and plodding.
0.4 The sequel is about as far from the original source as you can get while still using the title, The Woman in Black. It is just as far away from being interesting.
0.3 What's missing from The Woman in Black 2, and what it needs most and has least of all, is suspense.
0.4 Creepy but unnecessary sequel deals with war, kids in peril.
0.4 I can't deny that The Woman in Black 2: Angel of Death is a good looking, decently made ghost story. What I also can't deny is that it mostly just doesn't work, isn't scary and drags.
0.4 Feeble scares, punctuated by a creepy, predictable sound track...
0.4 A suspense-free step-down.
0.5 Rather than crafting a setpiece worthy of the atmosphere he's created, Harper falls back on easy, throw-the-boogens-in-the-audience's-face scares.
0.5 Apparently the vengeful spirit was not satisfied and has settled for less compelling subjects to terrorize this time around, and less compelling ways to terrorize them.
0.6 A respectably effective, decorously English addition to the current ghost story wave - Frightfully Insidious, as it were.
0.4 The Woman in Black: Angel of Death reeks of a film that was hastily cobbled together in order to capitalise on the original film's success.
0.5 The first Woman in Black was a familiar horror story effectively told; the sequel is just as familiar, but the presentation is lacking.
0.6 Director Tom Harper makes inventive use of the settings.
0.3 The Woman in Black 2: Angel of Death is yet another example that not all successful horror movies have what it takes to become successful horror franchises.
0.5 "The Woman in Black 2" might have served as an effective tribute to movies like "Curse of the Cat People." That is, if it hadn't completely squandered all this goodwill in its last third.
0.7 It may not be very clever, and the plot may be full of holes, but this sequel's clammy atmosphere is so unnerving that it manages to keep us squirming in our seats.
0.5 It's mostly deadly dull, and when it does liven up a tad, the haunted house tale offers only wan shock tactics.
0.5 The title is more intimidating than the movie.
0.4 Te eerie power of the original novel, and its memorable 1989 ITV adaptation, is missed, because she's so much scarier seen at a distance.
0.4 The 1940s setting gives the film's first half some unearned gravity, but by the end the jump-scares and rote plot frightens away the good will.
0.375 There's building tension, and then there's cheaply toying with us. This movie is a prime example of the latter.
0.35 Are you scared yet? Check this box: Yes [ ] No [X].
0.5 With an over-reliance on cheap jolts, this distaff sequel excels in fog-soaked atmosphere, but stumbles with its repetitive storytelling and stilted pacing.
0.375 Deathly dull
0.6 We return to Eel Marsh House, that spooky, bog-bedeviled pile haunted by the woman who clearly does not think orange is the new black, and holds a bit of a grudge against children as a species.
0.5 She's back, the Woman in Black, and it does give one pause to wonder if it's for no better reason than to scare up some more box office lucre.
0.5 not awful, just average
0.8 Director Tom Harper reins back on the Gothic overkill of the original, keeping the jump shocks to a minumum so when they come - you feel them.
0.6 Harper's well-appointed sequel has strong performances even if the Woman becomes a supporting character in her own tale.
0.5 The transparent title character from 2012's "The Woman in Black" is resurrected in this sequel, which abandons atmosphere for cheap scares.
0.5 The film ends up cheapening its sense of empathy in its final mad rush to subject audiences to every incarnation of the jump scare imaginable.
0.6 A much bolder, braver horror sequel than most.
0.4 With a lot of repetitive jumps, jolts and shrieking, it's a haunted house story that's only marginally more unsettling than next year's stamp duty charges.
0.3 Over-egged, underwritten and less scary than a barrel of inherently friendly puppies, The Woman in Black 2: Angel of Death fails in just about every way a horror film can.
0.6 It's missing a stand-out shock but it's well-paced, stylish and, at times, deeply unsettling.
0.6 The denouement is unexpected and satisfying, while the peril provided by the Second World War backdrop cleverly matches the supernatural suspense.
0.6 A commercially driven sequel, sure - but still effective.
0.4 Predictable shock tactics, drippy wartime romance and scenes in which the characters leaf tremulously through Victorian photo albums and spout exposition.
0.6 By no means a disaster, The Woman in Black: Angel of Death's very adequateness is its own cautionary tale. The need to keep a franchise breathing but stable, cuts off the new possibilities to make it come thrillingly alive.
0.875 Fargo, with its grotesque murders and cheery detectives, is a cold gem that takes us to the far north. Its seemingly pitiless light opens up the realms of darkness concealed beneath that world of white.
0.875 A small, supremely satisfying film. Heck and you betcha, it is.
1.0 It's another daring black comedy by one of the most consistently inventive moviemaking teams of the last decade, brothers Joel and Ethan Coen.
0.875 You have to grant the Coens their due as creators of suspense, mood and plotting, and for their ability to color the most monstrous crimes with an undeniably funny sense of the absurd.
0.5 From the camera angles to the set design, everything is calculated to make the viewer feel superior to the cloddish, geeky characters on display.
1.0 The result is a modern masterpiece.
1.0 Fargo stands out as the Coen brothers' warmest, most accessible offering to date -- despite its frosty Minnesota setting.
0.8 In the fascinating Fargo, writer-director Joel and writer-producer Ethan have come up with a film that is either an oddly funny crime drama or an ultra-deadpan comedy, depending on how you look at it.
1.0 It's a miracle: A tough, honest, bloody film set so far from the bright lights it feels as if it's on a different planet, yet knowable and absolutely compelling from start to finish. Fargo is great American movie-making.
1.0 The performances by McDormand (bringing a GREAT screen character to life) and Macy are superb.
1.0 Dark, gritty, and brilliant. Not for kids.
1.0 Quite simply, Fargo is the best movie the Coen Brothers have ever made. And that's saying a lot.
1.0 The most complete film the Coens have ever made, it's nothing short of a movie for the ages.
1.0 The Coen Brothers have always loved to go far, a tactic they don't forgo in Fargo. [Blu-ray]
1.0 Do you have to be a Minnesotan to really get Fargo?
1.0 The best movie heroine in years.
0.75 This may be the warmest movie the Coen brothers have ever made.
0.875 An odd, intriguing, and entertaining film.
0.875 The brothers have returned to their roots, both visually and literally. Their new film is reminiscent of their debut movie, Blood Simple, and its wry look at murder.
1.0 [The Coen brothers'] very best film, crammed with memorable characters and quotable dialogue.
1.0 Thank you, brothers Coen. You have renewed my faith in the serious talent who cannot be lured into the pecuniary heavens of Hollywood.
0.8 Fargo shows Coens' film-making ability at its best.
1.0 This is truly a brilliant film, the kind you don't see often. Intelligent, raw, funny, daring and unique, pure cinematic delight from start to end.
0.8 Um dos grandes trunfos de Fargo reside em seus dialogos. O problema e que estes duelos verbais travados entre os personagens perdem muito durante a traducao para o portugues.
1.0 The beauty of the film is in the subtle detail of the dialogue and performances which continue to enchant on repeat viewings.
1.0 Any movie that can do that and get away with it as efficiently as Fargo does is something to treasure.
1.0 She's a sharp cookie.
1.0 I could have done without the blood (including a scene with a person being fed into a wood chipper), but the comedy is hilarious.
0.9 Finally, [the Coens] have given us characters we can care for, a story that keeps us wondering, hoping and guessing, as well as the distinctive visual style that marks all Coen productions.
1.0 Written and directed with the verve, painstaking nuance and outrageously black humour that have become the mainstay of a Coen movie.
0.75 It's easy to admire what the Coens are trying to do in Fargo, but more difficult to actually like the film.
1.0 To watch it is to experience steadily mounting delight, as you realize the filmmakers have taken enormous risks, gotten away with them and made a movie that is completely original, and as familiar as an old shoe.
0.875 A quirky violent comedy that's worth watching.
0.7 Overall, the movie's plot-line is so-so, the acting is above par, the soundtrack is original, and some memorable scenes reside.
0.75 With the subtle, homespun and ironic performances of Macy and Frances McDormand ... the film becomes a darkly laughable tale of small town normality going awry.
0.8 ...one of the most hilariously twisted murder mysteries to come along since, well, since never.
1.0 It combines a sheer energy of satire, comedy and thriller that it seems at first glance an impossible movie to make.
1.0 A crime gem that is darkly funny even when it's chilling -- and certain to become a classic.
1.0 One of those rare pictures about which I have nothing negative to say.
0.75 A nifty bit of nastiness from two of our most dependably provocative filmmakers.
0.8 Filled with the Coens' trademark graveyard wit and unique camera angles, Fargo rockets along without a dull moment; it's by far their most tightly constructed picture since Raising Arizona.
0.75 With Fargo, Joel and Ethan Coen return to the glory days of 1987 and Raising Arizona.
1.0 It brilliantly moves from comedy to poignancy to tragedy and back constantly.
0.8 Yeah Babeee.
0.7 Jack kicks plenty of butt, and the film has some neat little twists and turns to keep things interesting - and an ending the really has some guts.
0.2 This preachy bio pic is a hokey take on the birdman with Lancaster being misused on every occasion.
0.8 Absorbing biopic.
0.8 Lancaster is wonderful; a tribute to the human spirit.
0.81 Lancaster's brilliant performance anchors Frankenheimer's fine film, a liberal-minded, optimistic celebration of the power of redemption.
0.4 If you must, seek out the original to see nasty things happen to nasty people in a nasty film.
0.6 The remake deviates from its source material, giving something new for fans of the original to enjoy/moan about, and employ some imagination with a few of the killings.
0.6 As remakes go, Last House On The Left is at least a decent addition to the 1972 classic.
0.25 What's most disappointing about the 2009 version is that it strips all the moral ambiguity from the 1972 original of the same name.
0.7 Given my particular distaste for both remakes and rape-revenge movies, I was as surprised as anyone to find that this is a better horror movie than it probably should be.
0.4 The new version is tamer than the original but still dwells unpleasantly on the daughter's rape; this made me ill-disposed towards the ensuing scenes of violent payback.
0.8 Dennis Iliadis's remake retains its ferocious power and provocative themes, and thanks to a focused script that unfolds in real time, it ratchets up the suspense and sucks us into a remorseless cycle of violence and revenge.
0.4 This year's model, lacking any meaningful context of its own, is reactionary, conservative - existing purely as a slick commercial venture, more grisly grist to the multiplex mill.
0.4 A dismal reminder of just how starved Hollywood studios are for good ideas.
0.4 The narrative structure is ingenious and sexual assault is at least shown as having dramatic and human consequences of some sort, if only in the context of revenge. Wasn't the original movie enough?
0.4 This clanging cover version believes in nothing, not even its own nihilism, and the horrors it portrays leave us colder, but not wiser.
0.6 Its biggest shock is that there's much to praise, with a couple of stellar performances complementing the mounting tension and intriguingly twisting narrative.
0.6 Director Iliadis succeeds by building tension and putting everyone at unease rather than grinding out cheap shocks.
0.4 A passable, pointless remake that's as slick as it is empty.
0.3 This is not a horror, it's a thriller and as a thriller it's moderately effective but as it a film it won't leave you feeling entertained or thrilled, just a bit uncomfortable.
0.2 It has none of the underlying humanity of that other revenge thriller Eden Lake, and by the end I found the experience repulsive and deeply exploitative of its audience's worst instincts.
0.4 Predictable, pointless and pathetic.
0.6 The cast bring a level of reality to this that's surprisingly impressive.
0.4 A thought-provoking ordeal is repackaged as a middling shocker which leaves you feeling good about revenge.
0.4 Wes Craven's 1972 classic has been reworked but it has lost the edge-of-seat suspense which made the original one of the best of the genre.
0.4 Director Iliadis creates undeniably tense moments in, but the depravity is so gratuitously in-your-face that even a seasoned film critic might baulk.
0.6 As pointless remakes go, this is actually pretty good, thanks to strong performances, impressive camerawork and stylish direction.
0.4 In turning the dirt-cheap original into a glossy slice of gore-nography, Wes and director Dennis Iliadis have lost one important thing. The entire ruddy point of the exercise.
0.4 The film's nothing more than voyeuristic torture porn.
0.2 Though often well acted and at times impressively directed, the new film eliminates Craven's ugly-to-the-core visual style, tones down the violence and softens the bleakness of the original premise, yet in doing so it becomes more problematic.
0.7 This remake by Dennis Iliadis cost a great deal more than Craven's $100k and in many respects is an upgrade. What it lacks in the shock-of-the-new it makes up for with a more rounded storyline.
0.5 ... this 'Last House on the Left' doesn't have the bite of the original.
0.5 What's missing are the subversive, shocking conceits of the original.
0.7 More a thriller about family ties taken to unimaginable extremes than an attempt to engage with any real subtext.
0.25 ...a dispiriting exercise in ultra-violence that even the gorehounds will find disappointing...
0.5 A vile exercise masquarading as art.
0.4 ...just an impersonal Saturday-night revenge flick, of the sort that Michael Haneke's Funny Games (either version) eviscerated and made irrelevant.
0.75 Brutal. Graphic. Disturbing. The remake of "Last House on the Left" is all those things. And, oh yes, this adults-only story is ancient.
0.625 rectifies the original's bizarre tonal range, but also dilutes its thematic power by completely discarding the critical portrayal of vengeance as a zero-sum game
0.5 Crafted with such professionalism it might be the story of Gandhi rather than a wallow in rape, murder and the vengeance of the parents (who, true to the domestic associations of the title, dispatch the evildoers with garbage disposal and microwave oven).
0.2 Manages at once to be unpleasant and tedious.
0.7 Much less tawdry than the original, and much more harrowing.
0.4 All the slickness works against the remake because it helps to distance the audience from the unpleasantness on the screen.
0.6 Gory and violent but your inner vigilante will cheer
0.75 It presents sadism in the context of a narrative that is straightforward and believable, and for those who crave a little terror in their lives, it offers a truly unsettling experience while raising questions mundane and otherwise.
0.3 Neither a glimmer of satire nor gram of wit animates Dennis Illiadis' 109 minutes beside the lake.
0.75 An obvious improvement over its amateurish predecessor...
0.2 Shinier, but no less disgusting.
0.3 if you like rape, you'll love The Last House on the Left. The rest of America with normal sensibilities probably doesn't have the stomach for this film.
0.6 Iliadis knows a little something about mounting dread, as his slick camera work is constantly looking just past the brush for something creepy that may or may not be there. That's about as far as the praise goes for The Last House on the Left.
0.6 The Last House on the Left is alternately gross, brutal and difficult to watch. It's also arresting entertainment as its revenge tale kicks into overdrive.
0.3 There's little to set this latest Last House apart from other revenge-themed horror flicks of the past 30 years.
0.1 A shockingly mundane disappointment taken on its own and a deeply misguided refraction of the original.
0.75 The cast, although aren't A-listers, were perfect for their parts.
0.375 Do not go to this movie if you simply seek entertainment. If you're a sociologist tracking the decline of civilization over the past four decades, you're in for a night of solid research.
0.5 I was all set to give Iliadis credit for using extreme subject matter to ask smart questions about right, wrong and human nature. But then, he unleashes an unnecessary (albeit original) final scene that erases any doubt.
0.75 The action scenes are particularly gripping.
0.75 The remake is much glossier but also takes place mostly in real time, using long takes, genuinely disturbing violence and stretches with no dialogue to pin you to the story.
0.6 It must be said that The Last House on the Left is really well done, with impressive performances, masterful creation of dread and tension, perfect pacing, intense storytelling, haunting cinematography, truly sickening sound effects, and all.
0.75 A deliberate, underplayed horror movie that is truly shocking.
0.2 Repulsive and dull, together at last.
0.75 Unlike the slew of Michael Bay- produced slasher remakes, this is not an idea-free flick. And Craven (shepherding producer on this remake) believes in character. More, he believes, in engaging what the word "horror" means.
0.8 With an incredible performance by Garret Dillahunt and great supporting work by Monica Potter, Sara Paxton, Tony Goldwyn, and others, Last House is the best mainstream horror movie in a long time.
0.0 The movie means to be about how violence makes animals out of all of us, including the vengeful parents. Unfortunately, that also includes the audience.
0.5 Craven's version was sloppy and amateurish and felt like a disturbing home movie. This one feels like a Hollywood movie, like a product to be sold.
0.7 This flick is one of the most disturbing, brutal and hard-to-watch movies I have seen. It is definitely on par with the original!
0.625 Parts of The Last House on the Left are among some of the most intense you have seen in movies this year
0.6 I suspect the movie's sound designers deserve some kind of an award: thanks to them, the damage one can inflict with small appliances and a giant grudge is all too clear.
0.4 Has plenty of gore and a run-of-the-mill, unimaginative plot that feels tedious, pointless, inane and insipid.
0.7 Brutal, bloody, and bleak, The Last House on the Left is a rarity in an age of tepid remakes.
0.75 Craven himself has said that the 2009 is a marked improvement over his film and some fans I know balked at such a statement. Only the truth is they should keep repeating to themselves, 'Craven was right. Craven was right.'
0.4 While viewers left the original film shaken, disquieted and deeply disturbed, audiences here are meant to be sent out cheering over the over-the-top ways in which the bad guys are dispatched, a change that I find almost more disturbing than anything that
0.2 This is the kind of movie that prompted Michael Haneke to make Funny Games twice, and while I loathed that moralistic scold of a film, Last House almost made me concede Haneke's point.
0.0 Last House on the Left is so stomach-churningly anti-human it makes you wonder why Goldwyn...and Potter signed on.
0.625 Sure, the movie is predictable (a convenient storm causes power outages and therefore the dark house is creepily candlelit and who knows who's lurking behind the door), but it keeps its audience on edge.
0.25 Not only is it plodding and completely predictable, the carnage is rendered slowly and quasi-reverentially, making the whole brutal experience come off like torture porn.
0.5 This remake plods to its finale.
0.4 Just another meaningless horror movie.
0.625 First-time director Dennis Iliadis spices up the visual style with unusual camera and cutting choices that liven the tempo beyond typical horror-movie cliche. Time will tell whether or not this Last House launches his career.
0.5 The Last House on the Left is reverent to his original. Too bad it's not as nasty.
0.2 This remake is faithful in plot but not in spirit.
0.6 For what it is, it's effective. But lost among the bloodlust is any sense of these characters as human beings.
0.7 The remake kind of neuters the unpredictable (and sometimes wild) characters in the service of making them less ethically complicated.
0.75 Enthralling, mature and full of measured tension. The Last House on the Left is no The Virgin Spring, but it beats the pants off of its direct thirty-seven-year-old predecessor.
0.625 The Last House on the Left is the best in the latest crop of slasher remakes. Admittedly, that is faint praise.
0.6 This film...is what it is: a stark story of bloodthirstiness quenched, first by the obvious antagonists, then by sympathetic, civilized characters who avenge the atrocities that have come before.
0.625 Those viewers trapped in the film's nihilism and hoping for more can amuse themselves by looking at the film as an Aristotelian tragedy--take that, Friday the 13th remake!
0.25 Audiences with a brain cell left have only one choice: Look for the first exit on the right.
0.8 Dennis Iliadis is able to make a cult classic once told, feel relevant and terrifying all over again.
0.75 Its main goals are to shock, titillate, enrage and otherwise jolt your reflexes, which it does shrewdly and successfully.
0.625 I'm giving it a 2.5 in the silly star rating system and throwing up my hands.
0.9 A fascinating and confrontational horror film that deals with terrors a lot more chilling than some dude swinging a machete.
0.55 Morally hollow, devoid of bigger issues and discussion points.
0.5 A stylish but pointless exercise that wastes all the great talent involved.
0.75 Gone is the original's early campiness, here replaced by eye-of-the-storm calm that portends tragedy, as well as its later over-the-top grindhouse gore, now swapped for taut suspense punctuated by visceral brutality.
0.625 This film is only for those who go in with open eyes and understand what they're in for.
0.8 While at the hands of a less competent director, Last House could have been an epic failure, but Dennis Iliadis has proven to the world that he's more than capable of directing a film of this caliber - and taking it to a higher level.
0.6 This is a horror movie that illustrates the difference between cringing and feeling.
0.3 Someone somewhere will probably try to foist The Last House on the Left remake off as some sort of social commentary. Don't be fooled. It's not.
0.6 Palance pretty creepy Count
0.6 As close as had been done at that point to the original Stoker novel.
0.2 I died a little bit inside.
0.4 Richelle Mead's sharp series of young-adult novels might have been better off being adapted for longform TV, rather than the big-screen blunting they cop here.
0.2 Joining the painful list of Goth-drenched Twilight franchise wannabes - Mortal Instruments, Beautiful Creatures, Dark Shadows - comes a half-baked, yappy stab at blending sexy Undead girls into a teen high school comedy..Even hardcore Goths will be bored.
0.2 I thought it was a complete mess. I thought the teenage dialogue was puerile and that was a shame because Daniel Waters wrote the screenplay for HEATHERS, which is one of the really nice films about school but that was a long time ago.
0.5 It is so silly, so convoluted in terms of plot, but so insouciant that it almost gets away with it. Almost.
0.2 The screenplay by Daniel Waters, the director's brother, is stuffed with puerile dialogue, all the more disappointing given that, back in 1988, he wrote one of the best school movies, Heathers.
0.5 Previous teen films from brothers Daniel and Mark Waters had a lot of bite, so it's sad their first collaboration is a toothless horror-adventure-comedy-romance motivated by The Weinstein Company's eagerness for a Harry Potter-meets-Twilight franchise.
0.4 It was almost touching to reach the end of Vampire Academy and find that it not only left itself open for a sequel, but seemed so certain of that eventuality that it set one up.
0.4 Vampire Academy occasionally plays as if it's on fast-forward, rushing from one moment to the next without providing much reason to care about what's happening[.]
0.4 It's not a complete disaster, but even the appearance of Gabriel Byrne, as Lissa's uncle Victor, fails to make much of a dent in the slapdash proceedings.
0.2 A fast-paced yet foolishly fanged fable...
0.125 When the dream sequence killing off the cast is better than everything afterward, you MIGHT have a script problem... This is why we can't have good vampire movies.
0.7 I'm happy to report that Vampire Academy is actually a pretty fun little flick that shoots for flip and actually lands there.
0.0 Makes TWILIGHT look good - something I never thought I would say about any movie ever - now please excuse me while I go wash my mouth out with soap.
0.2 Vampire Academy is just another failure in a long line of similarly structured experiences and quite frankly, the fact that there are six of these books blows my mind.
0.2 Put Robert Pattinson in Grade 12 and outfit his classmates with cleavage that would make Hermione blush, and you have a notion of the joys in store here.
0.5 Most of the time, the actors are working so hard to keep us up on developments in the plot that they don't have time to fill in character details.
0.25 The only thing that distinguishes this teen-magnet wannabe from its predecessors is how lazily it appears to have been slapped together.
0.375 It's "Twilight" as directed by Mark Waters, of "Mean Girls." It's an idea that might have been intriguing 15 years ago, before those movies existed.
0.3 If a supernatural teen film ever required CliffsNotes, it would be this one.
0.4 Vampire Academy will likely only satisfy fans of the books. To most everyone else, it's another disposable addition to the growing pile of cheap YA movie adaptations.
0.0 One idea, mixed with lame jokes, and stretched beyond coherence. Vampire Academy doesn't need a review. It needs a stake in the heart.
0.6 For the target audience - teen girls likely to spend as much time gossiping in the theater lobby as they are to actually watch the movie - "Vampire Academy" is pure catnip.
0.125 If I laughed once more, I would have laughed once.
0.5 Only a fraction of the scores of attempted jokes work, but it's still funnier than it has any right to be.
0.3 Mark Waters' 'Vampire Academy' is a tedium of heavy exposition, tired pop culture humor and some of the lamest vampires ever...
0.2 Hard to believe the same Daniel Waters who wrote HEATHERS wrote this. The mythology here is hilariously convoluted. Also- the subtext about the Dhampirs being content servants (slaves even) is more than a little odd.
0.2 a stink bomb like this requires the devotion of a true fan to not only figure out what's going on, but why we should care in the first place
0.5 In this very short film ... so much comic relief feels like desperate attempts to pad an already skimpy story.
0.6 Penultimate Rathbone Holmes has its moments.
0.875 Singer, like Tarantino, is less into mining new film themes than in re-inventing old ones. And the way he does so shows full well that there is still a bit of life in the old mob movie yet.
1.0 It's a film that demands to be watched again and again -- this is good old-fashioned pulp fiction told in the slickest 1990s style.
0.625 Give director Bryan Singer credit for providing a plot that is not resolved by an exchange of gunfire, but don't expect the movie's glib punchline to stay with you for very long.
0.875 An imaginative, entertaining crime mystery with plenty of nerve and vigor.
1.0 The then 27-year-old Bryan Singer eclipsed most other '90s crime movies with this brilliantly slippery, cerebral thriller.
1.0 It's a nerve-shredding suspense movie about corruption, a bravura actor's show full of deliciously twisted cops and robbers, and a complex riddle packed with unexpected turns.
0.875 It may ultimately make sense; no one could tell without at least four or five viewings. What is totally commanding, however, is the level of ensemble acting [and] the adroitness of the storytelling.
0.9 A masterpiece of the modern film noir genre, a terrific performance piece for everyone involved and an absolutely outstanding directorial effort.
0.875 While it's fair to call The Usual Suspects a gimmick in search of a movie, one could say something similar of, say, an Agatha Christie mystery. [Blu-ray]
1.0 Anything but usual, Singer's movie is pretty damn near untouchable. Next to this, most other crime films feel petty.
0.75 Screenwriter Christopher McQuarrie's tough-guy dialogue and Bryan Singer's crisp direction give the ensemble cast every opportunity to shine, and they do.
0.25 Bryan Singer's poker face is worthless at best.
0.875 To many young film buffs, this is where film history begins and ends.
1.0 McQuarrie's script is a scurrying lizard of a yarn, scaly, swift and difficult to follow.
0.7 If ever a movie got extra points for a strong, unexpected conclusion it's The Usual Suspects.
1.0 No one is out of place or out of line here, and that is what makes the final payoff so sweet.
0.625 One of the most ingenious, unpredictable films in recent memory... and one of the biggest cheats.
1.0 It's a real dazzler -- a neo-noir hybrid of a heist and a mystery film that sucks you into a dark world where nothing is what it seems.
0.7 This movie finally isn't anything more than an intricate feat of gamesmanship, but it's still quite something to see.
0.75 It is a complex story, but I found it fun.
1.0 Fantastic ensemble crime thriller with the mystique of an underworld urban legend. A Breakout project for both Benecio Del Toro and Director Bryan Singer.
0.8 What a cast, what a script, what a movie. We need some more of these.
0.8 Good, but...movies don't come more overrated.
0.6 Too predictable. Still enthralling enough to watch (at least twice).
0.875 The Usual Suspects loses some of its impact with subsequent viewings, but it remains a superior picture with much to enjoy beyond its unforgettable ending.
1.0 In many ways, the viewers are the mark in this audacious con game... and its brilliance is all the more impressive for it.
0.875 Intriguing well made crime drama with a nice twist in the end
0.5 The Usual Suspects has always kind of sat there, hoping that you'll love it for its twist ending.
0.8 It's not often that a movie so intriguing comes out of Hollywood, but when one does, it should be watched.
0.8 ...an entertaining crime drama; an intricately conceived puzzle play; a fragment of gangster mythology; a parody of cops-and-robbers films; an outright black comedy;
0.8 But like a tale from the Arabian Nights, told for the sheer pleasure of storytelling, this elegant puzzle not only enjoys showing off, it also has something to show.
0.875 The Usual Suspects is an accomplished synthesis of noir elements and, as such, is an entertaining entry to the genre.
0.5 After following the beckoning twists and turns, you're left trapped and more than a little disappointed for getting in so deep.
0.8 The Usual Suspects is a movie with style to burn, and, initially, that is this crime drama's most mesmerizing aspect.
0.8 The twist at the end is a corker, but crucial questions remain unanswered. What's interesting, though, is how little this intrudes on our enjoyment.
0.875 There are plenty of twists in the plot to keep you on your toes throughout the film.
0.75 This is a film that looks good, and has good actors, but the writing is really the film's strongest point.
0.5 As entertainment, the film is a lukewarm experience. But as a piece of construction, The Usual Suspects is a slick bit of business.
0.8 All the actors nail their parts with ultra-cool finesse, and just listening to Del Toro mumble his lines is worth the cost of the ticket alone. Singer's direction is also completely on target.
0.625 Director Bryan Singer gives his film enough surface flash to entertain future late-night cable possibilities.
0.75 The interaction of all the characters is both fascinating and unusual.
0.375 Once again, my comprehension began to slip, and finally I wrote down: 'To the degree that I do understand, I don't care.'
0.5 ...the novel premise and Jovovich's strong performance almost manage to compensate for the pervasively uneven atmosphere.
0.25 ...seriously lackluster...
0.5 It was better when it was a comedy starring Adam Sandler and Drew Barrymore.
0.2 This is 50 First Dates-dark, but lacking that film's humor, characterizations, dramatic interest, and consistency.
0.6 Suspense is strong thanks to Joffe's steady pacing and an unsettling, menacing atmosphere. Thanks also to fine performances from the three principals -- especially Kidman.
0.5 A lot of emotion but not enough screenplay to keep things moving even for the spare 92 minute run time.
0.4 Before I Go To Sleep vacillates so wildly between aims and issues that the conceit seems worthless.
0.4 "Before I Go to Sleep" is a flimsy, disposable movie that's only positive is it allowed a couple of decent actors to draw a paycheck.
0.375 Ultimately no more clever than a 10-year-old boy with a penchant for making armpit noises.
0.5 While it boasts an impressive cast and a promising premise, Before I Go to Sleep suffers from a lack of imagination and conviction, resulting in a mediocre mystery thriller.
0.6 A stylish, somewhat brutal, Brit-centric bedtime story about deception, danger and Nicole Kidman in distress.
0.7 Stylish and suspenseful - like 'Gone Girl,' it belongs in a new sub-genre labelled 'marriage thriller.'
0.35 If I had the option of forgetting about everything that happens in Before I Go to Sleep, I know I'd take it.
0.25 It's hard to tell if the film is hampered or helped by the performances of its three stars, because it's so amateurishly written and directed that their participation beggars belief.
0.5 Before I Go to Sleep does little to redefine the psychological thriller genre but still offers an intriguing central mystery that should keep viewers guessing.
0.375 There's no edge, no pulp, no grit under its fingernails.
0.5 It's shallow, it's silly, it's pat. It's... forgettable.
0.625 We are all caught up in the messy web of deceit and mystery. It's kind of fun.
0.5 Throbbing musical crescendos and flickery flashbacks abound but apart from some outlandish plot machinations, nothing here is good or bad enough to be memorable.
0.5 As long as viewers don't get a close-up look at the puzzle pieces, the film offers a giddy tension, but eventually the teasing becomes tiresome and you just wish Joffe would cut to the chase.
0.5 Filled with far too many contradictions and implausible situations.
0.375 The point is to make us distrust everyone and everything that everyone says. It works a little too well, because we end up distrusting the movie as a whole.
0.5 Were it not for the participation of two A-list actors, Nicole Kidman and Colin Firth, Before I Go to Sleep would have been headed straight to video.
0.75 Kidman, in particular, takes honors for her smart, unshowy work, conveying desperation with her eyes and terror in the way she refuses to trust anyone with her real emotion.
0.5 You could catch a quick nap during the film's denouement.
0.625 [An] average thriller that's punctured with annoying plot holes.
0.5 Unfortunately, the film turns out to be not quite as twisty as promised: it's less a pretzel than it is a Cheez Curl.
0.4 It's a pretty, beautifully acted turd.
0.25 "Before I Go to Sleep" is a bad dream. It's a wobbly psychological thriller with only a trace of thrills.
0.5 The premise is promising, but writer/director Rowan Joffe seems at a loss for how to handle the material; it all eventually, like Christine's memories, fades away.
0.5 Despite a palpable chemistry between Kidman and Firth, Before I Go to Sleep lacks the level of sheer suspense and fear factor we've come to expect in amnesia thrillers (the best example being the daring Memento).
0.5 A nifty premise, but other films have done this with more verve and imagination. The fine cast almost makes up for the ponderous tone.
0.375 Despite its intriguing premise, the film amounts to little more than tedious, cliched melodramatics.
0.5 A sheep in wolf's clothing.
0.6 In short, the movie works, although probably not so well as the book does.
0.4 This dull thriller wastes the potential of Nicole Kidman and Colin Firth.
0.4 If Gone Girl's success and artistry have motivated people to explore the marriage thrillers (or "chick noir") further, Before I Go to Sleep may be the counterpoint to give it a rest.
0.75 Whatever else this puzzle picture is, or isn't, the three stars turn it into an acting tour de force.
0.375 Before I Go to Sleep feels like a recurring nightmare - the kind you wake up from and wonder why you dream in cliches.
0.6 Before I Go To Sleep's combination of talents on both sides of the camera means that while it may not rocket you to the edge of your seat as quickly and cruelly as the recent Gone Girl, it's hardly a snooze.
0.6 A relatively mild thriller, but the cast is excellent and the direction is slick and classy.
0.5 Before I Go To Sleep has all the right ingredients but it is not enjoyable: Tonally one-note - especially thanks to that score - it squanders its riches, which, when they're Kidman and Firth, is a crime.
0.4 In the annals of amnesia movies, Before I Go To Sleep may not be remembered fondly. If at all.
0.5 Imagine Groundhog Day without any of the good bits.
0.5 Director Rowan Joffe, who adapted the screenplay from the best-seller by S.J. Watson, pulls off a stylish mystery for most of its duration, though the self-serious tone adds tarnish rather than polish to this otherwise engaging, diverting affair.
0.6 However silly the denouement might be, the journey there is quite intriguing.
0.8 Kidman delivers such a finely delineated portrait of a woman adrift that you may be willing to overlook the rest.
0.5 The basic problem with this thriller is that it's not very thrilling.
0.6 With David Fincher's Gone Girl a bona fide hit, multiplexes will probably soon be flooded with further examples of what is now being referred to as the "marriage thriller". If so, it's a trend I can get behind.
0.6 What might have been a smart, insightful thriller is instead a creepy bedtime story.
0.6 Enjoyably preposterous ...
0.4 A lack of consequence and an absence of character development are to be expected in a film about a woman whose life is reset every night, but these are challenges that Steven Knight's screenplay sets itself and then never rises to meet.
0.6 You couldn't say that Before I Go to Sleep isn't entertaining. But you couldn't say it was remotely plausible or logical either
0.8 Joffe conjures superb performances from the perfect cast: this is Firth and Kidman at their best. A sexy, chilling and stylish trick of the light, this psychological thriller knows exactly what it's doing.
0.4 Chilly and uninvolving.
0.6 Joffe needed to find a visual language to make Christine's point of view loom large. He fluffs it.
0.6 A rousing, blood and thunder mystery that works even better if you have yet to read the book.
0.4 Joffe stretches for Polanski or Hitchcock, but his suspense is undercooked and his plot flails when it should twist.
0.8 Before I Go to Sleep is the kind of casually effective thriller we see too little of these days.
0.6 A clever premise can't help but grab the audience's attention as this mystery-thriller plays with ideas of identity and memory, but the simplistic filmmaking makes it feel like a cheat.
0.6 Before I Go To Sleep is chiefly a grand manipulation with just about enough clever twists to keep you, if not on the edge of your seat, at least happily alert, guessing along with the plot.
0.6 Strong performances keep the viewer guessing as much as our heroine, but the character drama recedes as the thriller element builds, to its detriment.
0.4 Best we all just pretend like this never happened and move on.
0.8 A murky tale, intriguingly told.
0.6 As a thriller this is perfectly effective, but while director Rowan Joffe keeps the twists coming, something about Kidman's blank, frosty performance is unconvincing.
0.6 A handsome thriller, absorbing for its duration and with a couple of neat rug-pulls.
0.6 Promises an exploration of memory and its relationship with identity but in the main delivers only superficial, yet admittedly stylish, thrills.
0.8 This amnesia thriller is one of the most memorable films of the year.
0.6 Roland Joffe has constructed a briskly paced, devilishly clever cat-and-mouse game, with a shivery atmosphere and an impressively tight focus.
0.7 Baffling.
0.875 Jennifer Jason Leigh's performance as the sister who lives for her turn in the spotlight electrifies this look at two very different siblings.
0.8 A raw, heartfelt, sometimes painful showcase for Jennifer Jason Leigh's undeniable talent.
0.6 not always on the mark, but certainly challenging
0.875 Georgia is not a simply plotted movie about descent and recovery, but a complex, deeply knowledgeable story about how alcoholism and mental illness really are family diseases.
0.875 A painful though sadly humorous portrait of sisterhood deftly written by Leigh's mom, Barbara Turner, and directed with just-right spareness by Ula Grosbard.
0.75 Leigh's performance is riveting.
0.4 Unless you're just dying to hear Velvet Underground tunes played (badly) at bar mitzvahs, I'd recommend keeping this Georgia off your mind.
0.25 The first rule of a sequel should be: Do NOT destroy the happy ending of the previous film.
0.2 Manages to lack ALL the surprising creativity of the original. It's actually very, very terrible.
0.4 Mergulha nas velhas perseguicoes de sempre, sendo ainda mais prejudicado pelos dialogos pavorosamente ruins.
0.6 A fine attempt, and fine entertainment, but not one for the ages.
0.4 Unfortunately, the 12A rating means that the film lacks the two most essential ingredients for a teen horror flick: sex and gore.
0.4 Aside from leading lady Lindy Booth and a directorial style that screams for a smarter screenplay, there's very little here that'll thrill the horror hounds and/or the gore gourmets.
0.3 Nothing about the plot has any real spark, besides the gimmicky set-up.
0.5 ...ultimately unsatisfactory...
0.7 If you want something that asks you to think along with it to keep up with the characters and plot, Cry_Wolf's a good place to be.
0.75 Here's a little movie that should have thriller aficionados licking their chops.
0.1 You know you're in trouble when Jon Bon Jovi is the most impressive actor in the bunch.
0.2 Rumors of the slasher genre's death have not been greatly exaggerated, if this Chrysler Million Dollar Film Contest winner is any indication.
0.3 another case of a modern thriller where we are expected to accept too many silly things
0.1 I don't mind that the plotting is as transparent as a roomful of Saran Wrap. what I object to is that this movie is terminally, sleep-inducingly boring.
0.625 A cut above the rest.
0.625 Not only is it kind-of-sort-of-almost good, but it's also arguably the best horror movie in theaters right now -- thanks to a decent script with a couple of great twists.
0.75 The movie consistently keeps us guessing, right up to its twisty, satisfying finish.
0.8 A clever teen thriller with intricate plotting, deft characterizations, sharp ensemble performances and a darkly ironic twist at the end.
0.4 In this adolescent horror flick, the first-time screenwriters Jeff Wadlow and Beau Bauman prove more adept at staging mind games than creating chills for the audience.
0.5 Wadlow and cowriter Beau Bauman start with a clever conceit, but Wadlow's gimmicky direction runs it right into the ground.
0.35 The best that you can probably say about it is that it isn't as bad as you expected.
0.75 A stylish, frequently charming throwback to a time when horror films were essentially psychological thrillers with a higher body count.
0.5 The bulk of the low budget must have gone to funding the sheep's clothing.
0.4 Une version un peu plus intelligente du slasher movie habituel, ce qui n'en fait pas plus un film intressant.
0.375 The inevitable detour into tedious and-then-there-were-none territory is all the more dispiriting in light of some of the intriguingly undeveloped ideas.
0.0 The current state of the American horror genre is, sadly, in a current state of horror.
0.5 Around here Daybreakers' clever streak runs out and the previously witty, refreshing film becomes a predictable action romp that's big on over-the-top gore but lacking in everything else.
0.6 That Daybreakers biggest problem is that there isn't enough of it should tell you enough: watching it provides short-term entertainment, but like those voracious bloodsuckers, it'll just leave you wanting more.
0.7 It's pretty clear that directors The Spierig Brothers are ready to make their mark as a couple of high-end horror genre auteurs.
0.8 While America continues to produce interminable undead dross ... Australia can now proudly announce itself as being home to two of the best genre auteurs working today.
0.7 The power of the Spierig Brothers is mighty and it'll be impossible to sit down without becoming absorbed in their futuristic world of vampire cliches and novelties.
0.7 A hybrid of future dystopian sci-fi and classic vampire conventions, Daybreakers is a horror movie which boasts as many ideas as it does bloodshed.
0.25 Squandered potential at its most obvious.
0.625 Once the world is set up, the follow-through comes up short.
0.72 Somewhat enlivened by perfunctory professional performances by Ethan Hawke (as a guilt-ridden vampire looking for a cure for blood dependency) and Willem Dafoe (as Elvis, a crossbow-toting member of the human remnant).
0.7 Malo je %u017Eanrovskih ostvarenja koja su kao Daybreakers %u0161a%u0161avo zabavna, a istovremeno znaju stimulirati i neka ozbiljna razmi%u0161ljanja
0.7 There is a lot of non-sparkly going on, if you know what I mean.
0.6 Daybreakers could have been a pulpy delight instead of just another, albeit entertaining, action movie.
0.6 Takes an idea that also happens to be a MESSAGE, in a genre that has been sucked dry, and still make something watchable. It's not the most brilliant vampire movie ever made, but it's the best one of 2010.
0.75 Set in a near future where the entire planet has been taken over by vampires, the film is actually quite pertinent in these post-credit crisis times.
0.8 Daybreakers is a perfect panacea to audiences averse to the tweeny romanticisation of the undead by Twilight and its ilk.
0.6 Daybreakers is highly inventive, containing plenty of interesting and original ideas about vampire technology, vampire physiology and the sociological implications of a vampire world.
0.6 The special effects look cheap; and while the premise, with its "we're drinking the blood of the earth!" subtext is interesting, the characters just aren't.
0.6 More Australian filmmakers should be inspired to take on Hollywood after seeing the Spierigs' vampire venture, even if it falls short of greatness.
0.8 Yes, Daybreakers is another vampire film, but don't hold it against it. This is stuff Twilight fans have nightmares about...
0.4 A dreary-looking and sluggish narrative that doesn't go anywhere special.
0.75 With Willem Dafoe is a crossbow-wielding ex-vampire named Elvis. (Coincidentally, the film opened on what would have been Presley's 75th birthday.)
0.6 A fun if forgettable romp, with some great ideas and a few gruesome shock shots. Which is enough. Just.
0.5 So over the top you can't help but like at least some of it, 'Daybreakers' is pulsing with gore, mayhem and dark humor
0.75 Now this is a vampire movie.
0.75 Daybreakers injects just enough fresh blood into the vampire genre to make it worth your while.
0.8 A pretty ambitious movie that's occasionally capable of fulfilling those ambitions. When it doesn't, the attempt is still noteworthy and the results are at least entertaining.
0.5 An okay film about vampires and the search for blood that isn't romanticized - a la 'Twilight' -but is full of gore.
0.6 les deux frangins font preuve d'une rigueur creatrice que nous n'aurions jamais pu soupconner apres un exercice aussi bacle qu'Undead
0.5 Makes little sense, but earns points for the operatic, slow-motion vampire equivalent of the Barf-a-Rama scene from Stand By Me.
0.625 Give it an A for effort, C for execution. As cool/creepy as it seems, Daybreakers just doesn't quite measure up to its potential.
0.8 The Spierig Brothers have created an unsettlingly believable world, part Blade Runner, part Gattaca, part Blade.
0.625 After taking such pains to establish a dying world, it's a shame the Spierig brothers are so intent to kill it off.
0.7 Just when you thought it was safe to be a vampire , corrupt corporate politicians spoil the fun.
0.75 Yeah, its another vampire film, but this one deals with the global end game instead of emo teen angst.
0.5 Surrounded by cannibalistic gore, Ethan Hawke and Willem Dafoe line up to drink some valuable box-office blood...call it 'From Here to Vampurity'.
0.8 A thinking person's vampire flick with deliciously gory action, an underlying social message, lean direction, and best of all, no obnoxious product placement or pop music.
0.75 Starring Ethan Hawke and Willem Dafoe, the movie, which was shot more than two years ago, is clever and gory enough to keep horror-seekers happy
0.625 A slick, bloody, fast-paced, and ultimately enjoyable B-movie.
0.625 For the lowbrow, the thrill is a level of fleshy explosiveness reminiscent of David Cronenberg's Scanners. No one dies quietly; he must either detonate like Hiroshima or burst into juicy red chunks of viscera.
0.75 A suspenseful, visually stylish and gory sci-fi thriller that's simultaneously entertaining and provocative.
0.7 Unlike the current cinematic vampire milieu created for lovestruck teenagers, Daybreakers is fierce and scary and downright thrilling to look at.
0.75 Daybreakers is more fun than foreboding; it's fright-lite, yet that's par for the bloody course in these busy apocalyptic days.
0.625 The action sequences are well-executed ... and the concept is just interesting enough to carry the flimsy plot through its 98 minute running time.
0.6 The narrative may flag, but the doomsday atmosphere and George Liddlea(TM)s production design remain vivid until the final, blood-splattered reel.
0.4 Robs the vampire of its supernatural bite ... All the blue filters and retro hairstyles in the world couldn't save what, for me, was a pretty lifeless bloodsucker flick.
0.75 That subtlety makes the Spierig brothers satisfying directors of horror and Daybreakers a small golden nugget in the rocky wasteland of January's movie releases.
0.8 Things would be real different if vampires ruled the world. Coffee would come spiked with hemoglobin, not half-and-half. Tooth-whitener ads would feature fangs. And the most compelling public-service announcement would be an hourly sunrise advisory.
0.7 One of the best and most inventive vampire movies I have seen in a long time. Willem Dafoe rocks this ultra-violent film with great one-liners.
0.6 This stylish film at least has a sense of its own absurdity. While it plays everything dead straight, it also has a lot of fun with the rules of the genre.
0.6 An ambitious premise about a future world ruled by corporate vampires is explored with some intelligence, sly humour and blood-splattering brio by the Spierig brothers.
0.4 The foolhardy Spierigs spend so much time setting up Daybreakers for a sequel, or possibly a franchise, that they leave the movie itself mostly in disarray.
0.375 The movie falls apart as if someone in the production screamed out, "Stop! We forgot to blow stuff up! Get the blood!"
0.6 The Spierigs make some nice metaphysical points and commission some spiffy design, but resort to less-than-blood-heat thriller moves in the final third. Still very watchable, though.
0.7 Even though I'm pretty much vampired out these days, I appreciated the grossout thrills and the B-movie dialogue.
0.4 It's a shame Australia's Spierig Brothers opt to turn it into just any old noir-future chase movie - roughly Blade meets Minority Report, without the production flair.
0.7 A gripping feature that is just as likely to provoke thought as it is fear.
0.5 Daybreakers isn't exactly good or bad, and that is the problem. The film could have broken the rules and expounded upon its initial ingenuity. It could have been about something. It's not.
0.6 Daybreakers is an entertaining genre hybrid with functioning brain cells and, in its exciting finale, an original solution to solving its vampire epidemic.
0.8 A polished, intelligent, well-acted and darkly humourous vampire tale. Fangtastic.
0.4 Iffy plotting, squiffy dialogue and directorial indecision - is this po-faced science fiction or hokey horror? - leave the film, like its protagonist, torn between two extremes.
0.6 With beautiful Blade Runner-style cityscapes, smartly conceived takes on the vampire mythos (sun-proofed cars and video mirrors), inventively engineered shocks and copious blood loss, this is an engagingly skilful blend.
0.6 Daybreakers takes the undead in an entirely different direction, melding smart sci-fi with a timely political subtext.
0.375 In the end, Daybreakers doesn't really want to make anyone think too hard. If that were to happen, they might stop to wonder why all the human survivors out there hiding in fear of their lives don't just become garlic farmers and call it a day.
0.875 Daybreakers has substance and smarts, plus lots of visual treats for the fanboys -- a mix to keep everybody happy.
0.5 Despite the Spierig brothers' punchy visual style and satiric tone, Daybreakers eventually devolves, though Dafoe and his Southern drawl goose things up and Hawke has a greasy romanticism.
0.6 Hawke and Dafoe are both excellent and there's strong support from a suitably sinister Sam Neill.
0.625 It is a happy alternative to the tepid appeal of pre-teen vamps and werewolves. But why make a vampire movie lacking the allure of the enticing fiends?
0.6 Daybreakers is one of the most purely pleasurable genre films of recent months.
0.625 Highbrows will condescend to this movie like nobody's business. But there are a few of us left out there -- junkies for smart exploitation -- who will relish this stuff. You know who you are.
0.6 Though it borrows many of its ideas from older movies, the combination makes them seem fresh.
0.5 The average human body holds approximately 1.5 gallons of blood. Unless you're someone in the film Daybreakers. Then you're carrying closer to 47 gallons, 46 of which will end up splattered on a wall.
0.5 It can't be a good sign for a vampire movie when its most memorable trait is how desperate Chrysler's product placement appears.
0.75 It's undeniable fun to behold the likes of serious thespians Hawke and Dafoe slumming around in this cheeseball stuff.
0.5 the sleekness-as-decay mode is unoriginal but it works for most of the Spierigs' film
0.75 Just when you think popular culture has exhausted all the metaphorical and allegorical possibilities, the film unifies all the usual tropes (bloodlust, heliophobia, fangs) into a complete science fiction whole.
0.4 It sounds so very good and yet, in the hands of the Spierig Brothers, it has all the life of a vampire's (non)heartbeat
0.75 Peter and Michael Spierig's earlier, campier horror outing, the zombie picture known as Undead, was even bloodier than this one. The movie-makers are after bigger game here, and a subtler mixture of speculative nightmare and action film.
0.6 A B-movie with pretensions to something more and the effort is worth a look for horror fans.
0.6 It's a little bit silly -- as is Dafoe's Kentucky-fried cowboy mechanic named Elvis -- but silly is fun. In fact, one wishes it were sillier still.
0.4 This dystopian horror-thriller aspires to be a vampiric 'Children of Men', but it bears more similarity to a late-night Skinemax flick.
0.625 Although it falls apart as a thriller, Michael and Peter Spierig's black-comic splatterfest sets up an ingenious metaphor for the current economic nightmare.
0.625 This intriguing premise, alas, ends as so many movies do these days, with fierce fights and bloodshed. Inevitably, the future of the planet will be settled among the handful of characters we've met, and a lot of extras with machineguns.
0.75 I'm as surprised as anyone, but this clever vampire movie from the Spierig Brothers proves the genre still has some bite left in it.
0.7 Daybreakers isn't a great film, but it's a good one, and in a market oddly lousy with vampire tales, it's an original.
0.375 Daybreakers reminds us that from Twilight to Underworld, True Blood to The Vampire Diaries, this is one genre where supply has utterly overwhelmed demand.
0.6 There's a fascinating idea at the heart of Daybreakers, where a vampire plague has swept the world and everyone's now a bloodsucker, but it doesn't quite make for a fascinating film.
0.5 The Spierigs' latest doesn't do much to carve out a unique identity.
0.6 A clever twist on the vampire legend, delivers what genre fans crave and more.
0.85 Ambitious, smart and unique, the film creates an entire world that is guaranteed to intrigue you and leave you wanting more.
0.8 Daybreakers offers a flawed but thoroughly enjoyable, happy-making trip.
0.8 A rock-solid afternoon matinee sort of movie, packed as it is with so many disparate genre influences. Confidently crafted and legitimately clever.
0.8 "Horror fans should be looking forward to this one."
0.7 While it's far from perfect, Daybreakers is an incredibly fun movie. Loaded with talents actors, beautiful camerawork (a stunning slow-mo shot in the finale proves this) and buckets of blood, I can't recommend this enough.
0.75 ...an exciting (albeit slightly uneven) addition to the vampire-movie canon.
0.625 ...the movie, unlike the majority of contemporary remakes, stands on its own as an original and surprising piece of work.
0.8 A valentine from one director to a famous team of others.
0.625 Doesn't live up to the 1985 Coen brothers film that inspired it.
0.6 It's a good effort, and any filmmaker about to embark on a remake should consider the director's boldness (Seriously, remaking Blood Simple?! You crazy for this one, Yimou!).
0.3 full review at Movies for the Masses
0.4 There is certainly some curio value for cineastes here, but the real mystery is, well, what the heckfire was going through Zhang Yimou's once-brilliant mind when he decided to make this?
0.6 An interesting interpretation but stick with the original.
0.375 A group of shrill, idiotic characters mugging for the camera in front of stunning desert landscapes.
0.75 Eventually leaves slapstick behind to follow the pattern of cruelty and misapprehension established by 'Blood Simple,' but with arrows and sword thrusts replacing the earlier film's bullets, and stone-faced Sun Honglei as Zhang's MVP.
0.5 A Woman, A Gun and a Noodle Shop is a tipsy wedding of low hijinks and tiptoe-tense suspense stretches.
0.375 Simultaneously frantic and dull, Noodle Shop has no hint of the restraint or meticulous concern with form exhibited in Zhang's earlier blockbusters.
0.5 A whimsical but fizzled experiment.
0.5 Zhang piles on his signature visual poetry, but he seems unsure of how to handle the relatively small-scale story.
0.5 What sounds as though it ought to be delicious winds up, instead, a soggy noodle.
0.4 The main problem with A Woman, a Gun and a Noodle Shop has less to do with its fidelity to the Coen brothers' 1984 original than with director Zhang Yimou's own incompatibility with the material.
0.25 It's called A Woman, A Gun and a Noodle Shop, and, although the woman and the gun are bores, the noodles are cool, I guess.
0.25 It's all wrong. Each creative choice in the new version undermines the original film's appeal, a collision of incompatible visions.
0.8 It takes real chutzpah to challenge the Coen brothers when it comes to stylization in movies, but Chinese director Zhang Yimou has done just that.
0.5 Most will find Noodle all wet--limp, if you will--in Yimou's apparent choice to remake Blood Simple in the style of Raising Arizona.
0.2 The Coens' original Gothic film noir, wound as tight as a Texas rattlesnake, unravels to the point of amateur slapstick. Though the exterior shots look like Sedona on acid, it's still not worth the, um, trip.
0.48 There are enough pratfalls and purely physical comedy bits here to populate a Keystone Kops/Three Stooges double feature. While they're intermittently amusing, they don't really feel consistent with the rest of what Zhang is doing with the film.
0.6 The movie soon devolves into nothing more than a fairly close-to-the-vest adaptation.
0.25 Don't attempt to remake a Coen brothers movie, especially if you plan to turn the thing into a bizarre concoction of melodrama and slapstick comedy.
0.8 The Coens' Loren Visser (M. Emmet Walsh) is cold blooded, but to see the new hitman's method of silent murder will unveil the real noirish heart of darkness.
0.75 For the Coens, the parable of lust and greed suggested that nothing was certain but death and the battle of the sexes. For Yimou, it's a ghost story of sexual lust and money lust.
0.625 Zhang's version dries out the original's sultriness, trades humid night for arid day, and strains for slapstick.
0.5 There are lots of vertiginous high angles and sweeping wide-screen vistas, but they never congeal into a compelling atmosphere.
0.5 A Woman, a Gun and a Noodle Shop is an easy film to watch and admire, but a hard one to connect with, let alone love.
0.5 Whereas the Coens worked with a shoestring budget and emphasized a deadpan sense of humor, Zhang pours on expensive special effects whenever the opportunity for large-scale slapstick presents itself.
0.625 The stars of the show, ultimately, are Zhao Xiaoding's gorgeous cinematography, Tao Jing's evocative sound design and Yimou's choice of otherworldly locations.
0.6 That Zhang stages the story as a broad, absurdist comedy, as opposed to the Coens' dark, brooding drama, is another telling point of departure.
0.7 Mr. Zhang uncovers the primal, mythic intensity of the story and also changes the tone of its essential nihilism.
0.4 Zhang brings little else to the story besides an improved color palette and bad comic timing.
0.5 A fascinating curiosity piece for Coen fans, but ... every performance and every scene pales next to its inspiration.
0.8 So this is how you follow up the Olympic opening ceremonies!
0.625 When did Zhang Yimou start acting like Jean-Pierre Jeunet?
0.4 This exaggeration of human behavior, with farcical humor based on a flow of ironies and the wages of greed, does its source no favors.
0.41 Yimou's overdone compositions lend a cartoonish quality to the proceedings that sap it of most of its punch.
0.25 Here's all you need to know about The Enemy: the 'action hero' is played by Luke Perry. That's right: Luke. Perry.
0.875 While made on a modest budget, this slick, satisfying action drama more than stands up to a number of similar big-studio efforts.
0.6 Superior Hammer non-horror thriller.
0.6 Apesar da obviedade da primeira parte da trama, a segunda metade traz boas reviravoltas e consegue surpreender o espectador (mesmo que o roteiro seja claramente inspirado em As Diabolicas).
0.2 The climactic house-versus-humans scenes were so ludicrous that I half expected Kattan to revert to his Mr. Peepers persona from SNL and start battling the evil inkblot with spat-out chunks of apple.
0.7 House on Haunted Hill isn't a great movie. It is, however, a good deal of gory fun.
0.5 Drained of any wild, spontaneous spark.
0.8 It's a cheesy throwaway horror flick, but it's a tight cheesy throwaway horror flick.
1.0 [It's] one of the great underrated horror flicks of the last decade. Yes, really.
0.0 Quarts of shiny blood are splashed around and numerous moans and groans pepper the soundtrack, but astonishingly, the movie never manages to provoke so much as a shudder.
0.6 ...An excellent show of digi-graphics. But it is seldom scary.
0.5 There's a great deal of general creepiness, but the enterprise is undercut by a weak script, weak characters, and a too simple plot.
0.4 All the visual bravura doesn't fill in the gaping plot holes or generate any real frights.
0.25 Consistently inert -- even though the fee for successful housesitting has been raised to a million bucks a night.
0.75 It won't exercise your grey matter, but it may well give your inner child pause for thought
0.6 This is almost a green light. If you considered yourself a connoisseur of horror films, you'll be disappointed. If you are easily scared then you will love it.
0.6 The scariest images are lifted directly from Jacob's Ladder and Ghost Story.
0.5 ...too many special effects; not enough suspense or frights.
0.375 Fails to deliver even one good 'boo!' moment.
0.25 House On Haunted Hill is not only never scary, it's never even interesting.
0.1 House on Haunted Hill is a sorry reincarnation of the 1950s William Castle horror film.
0.58 Decent special effects and a few scary moments simply don't justify bothering with this resurrected movie concept that deserved to be left sealed in its crypt.
0.3 Malone tosses wandering lunatics, mad doctors, and hell's spawn into the mix right off the bat, which then makes it all that much more difficult to maintain an air of unease throughout.
0.25 Slow-moving, yawn-inducing.
0.5 House on Haunted Hill is the kind of horror movie that's not a bit scary and quite a bit gross.
0.4 The original had two things this one doesn't: a bit of class and some genuine suspense.
0.5 It's all utterly predictable, yet, The House on Haunted Hill manages to whip up enough suspense, liberally seasoned with doses of wry humor, to keep things moving.
0.5 Moments of effective horror pop up on a semi-regular basis, but they are not enough to offset the increasingly tedious feel.
0.125 Geoffrey Rush shamelessly overacts with a vengeance in this chillingly awful movie, which leaves us with one nagging question. Can Oscars be recalled?
0.375 Watching House on Haunted Hill is like going to a restaurant where the food looks delectable, but tastes awful.
0.6 It's a role that Crawford was born to play, but ultimately the film is too campy to be memorable.
0.75 Possessed does have a few very good insights into the self-abasing aggressiveness of unrequited love.
0.875 In a world in which eight nearly identical Friday the 13th movies offer the adventures of Jason the ax-murderer as entertainment for teen-agers, maybe we do need this sobering alternative.
0.75 A powerful, original look at the hopeless urban underclass in the American city, where lost people nibble at the garbage of our culture -- in a kind of perverse application of the "trickle-down" theory -- hating themselves and us all the while.
1.0 McNaughton's rough, non-judgemental direction gives the film a stylishly chilling documentary feel, while the killer's use of a camcorder asks some challengingly uncomfortable questions about voyeurism and the nature of screen violence.
0.6 The film is an honest and disturbing attempt to come to grips with the sort of modern horror that we must -- more urgently every day -- try to understand.
0.75 This movie is not really about a killer, but about killing -- the way killing is depicted in the movies and the way movie audiences have been conditioned to react to such violence.
1.0 The difference between John McNaughton's incredibly chilling film and the usual serving of screen carnage is the difference between the mind of a murderer and the cynical and manipulative depiction of mindless murder.
0.75 McNaughton's direction combines a strict social realism with a cool, Fritz Langian sense of pre-determination, while his work with actors has the improvisational freshness of a John Cassavetes.
0.9 The film is diabolically driven by Michael Rooker, who embodies the fractured, disconnected personality of Henry.
0.8 The flipside of the '80s teen slasher genre, John McNaughton's movie manages to go beyond the disquieting, distressing or even disturbing. It's downright dismaying.
0.8 From a technical standpoint, Henry is amateurish. But ultimately it's not the gilded frame that made it a modern horror classic, but its unblinking portrait of a remorseless killer who stares back at the audience and forces them to turn away.
0.8 This is sicko territory with a vengeance but certainly has an impact.
0.5 Certainly not for everyone, but if slasher movies are your cup of tea this is a lot better than most, and the use of Chicago locations is especially effective.
0.8 Genuinely frightening.
0.6 A genuinely upsetting film that's guaranteed to make you more paranoid.
0.6 Longe de tracar o "retrato de um assassino", o filme apela para o choque barato, mas evita o fracasso absoluto em funcao da forca das performances de Rooker, Towles e Arnold.
0.875 As an emotional map, Henry is decidedly raw, personal, and unrelenting.
0.6 Chilling.
1.0 Henry: Portrait of a Serial Killer surely ranks as one of the most frightening and disturbing films ever made.
0.6 There are still some shocks.
1.0 John McNaughton's haunting film is a grim journey into the life of its twisted subject that refuses to moralise or judge.
1.0 Henry Lee Lucas was mostly a liar in real life, but that doesn't stop the movie from being one truly disturbing journey/
0.8 Henry is a glimpse into the void that will chill, terrify and haunt you with the infinite evil in the hearts of ordinary people.
0.625 Part of the time it's art house cinema, the rest of the time its horror schlock.
1.0 Unflinching, rough, and ugly. Also a damn good movie.
0.625 I have some admiration for this film. But I also have no desire ever to see it again.
0.875 A low-budget tour de force that provides an unforgettable portrait of the pathology of a man for whom killing is not a crime but simply a way of passing time and relieving boredom.
0.875 MacNaughton's direction is extremely bland, although I don't mean that negatively: he portrays Henry in a very realistic manner, not adding any wild directing techniques to what he does, and because of this digs deeper into the character.
0.8 Powerful, raw, terrifying, and shocking filmmaking.
0.8 An exercise made by an enormously talented constructor of thrillers in the most fertile period of his career.
0.8 The risk with clever thrillers is always that they will focus on pleasing the intellect at the expense of developing more depth. Dial M For Murder is a different kind of animal.
0.8 Milland's sinister sophistication catches the eye, but Kelly's subtly shaded suffering is superb.
0.6 Ray Milland is great as cold fish Tony Wendice, a former tennis pro who plans to bump off his adulterous wife. Still, Grace Kelly is mis-cast (or misdirected) as the spouse in question.
0.8 The depth of focus, framing of characters and objects and use of the claustrophobic sets add extra pleasure to what was already a thoroughly enjoyable "perfect crime" nail-biter.
0.8 The set-up is ingenious and the "kill" scene genuinely thrilling.
0.8 Grace Kelly reaches out into the audience for murder scissors; foreground tea tables all but clonk your knees; a tell-tale door key - how many Hitchcock revelation moments feature those! - is brandished inches from your nose.
0.6 Second tier Hitch perhaps, but no less enjoyable for it, and still a marvel of cinematic technique.
0.6 Despite Hitchcock's own reservations this is definitely worth a look. Interesting to his aficionados and darkly funny and depressing in turns.
0.8 A tightly wound psychological parlour game, expanded only slightly from its claustrophobic stage roots.
0.875 Dial M for Murder is often dismissed as lesser Hitchcock, yet its intricate plot and sterling performances thrill me every time I watch it.
0.6 Based on a magnificently intricate script ... it benefits immensely from Hitchcock's razor-sharp direction.
0.75 ...a completely watchable yet less-than-consistent effort from Hitchcock...
0.75 In Alfred Hitchcock's Dial M for Murder, even the innocent have poker faces.
0.875 Lower case Hitch, but diverting and sleek.
0.7 While it's true that Hitchcock left most of the play's dialogue intact and kept the single setting of the play's apartment, he did quite a bit more to bring the story to life.
1.0 Critics seem to prefer the more theatrical, psychological melodramas to the brainy whodunits. But pay no attention - this film is definitely a classic
0.6 Not first-class Hitchcock, but not bad, either
0.625 This staid melodrama falls far below Hitchcock's standards.
0.625 A merely adequate Hitchcock thriller.
0.875 A rare and exciting experience.
0.8 [Hitchcock] tried once before, in Rope, to build up a whole continuous drama in one set. He wasn't as successful in that venture. Dial M has all the space it needs.
0.6 Love this campy retro-stuff!
0.8 Top-notch vampire story and newspaper comedy that spawned a top-notch sequel and series.
0.8 One of the scarier made-for-TV movies.
0.625 Here's a four-word review of "The Surface": Go see "The Surface."
0.4 Tedious haunted house movie.
1.0 Only David Fincher could tell the story of a missing woman, a murder mystery and a psychosexual thriller without making it feel forced.
0.6 While there is a lot to like about David Fincher's "Gone Girl," including a great ensemble and excellent direction, the film suffers from a flawed structure that reveals too much too soon.
0.875 Suspense, social commentary, great performances and a seriously twisted outlook -- Gone Girl is one killer movie.
0.875 Fincher and Flynn have fun playing with both our expectations and our sympathies.
0.8 At another level, it is a straightforward thriller, but with a slow build of foreboding that Alfred Hitchcock would have admired.
0.875 The premise is flat-out creepy. Make sure you're game for that before you see it.
0.8 While it examines seriously wicked material, Gone Girl pulls more laughs than any of Fincher's movie since Fight Club.
0.8 With the close-knit psychological ambiance of an early Roman Polanski film (particularly 1965's Repulsion) Fincher paints American middle class as a blood-curdling emotional danger zone.
0.8 As Fincher and Flynn peel away layers of their story, a feeling of dread grows; it's like pulling moldy leaves from an artichoke that is rotting from the inside out.
0.8 It's a testament to David Fincher's skill as a filmmaker that he makes something as complex as Gone Girl feel so effortless.
0.8 The performances all round are of a high calibre, with Pike impressively handling the burden of some very difficult scenes.
0.8 Some may find it too outlandish, but it never fails to remain interesting.
0.875 This is a nutty film, and for the most part I mean that in a good way.
0.875 Gone Girl is a greatly entertaining film that seems a likely candidate for multiple Oscar nominations, and it is Flynn's script that seems like a sure thing.
0.9 Affleck delivers what's easily his best performance, while Pike should become a household name, and Coon and Dickens will likely see their stars rise, as well.
0.7 If you're expecting another Seven or Zodiac or even The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo, you're probably going to be left cold, but if you go where the story takes you, and you buy into the world in any fashion, I think you're going to have a wicked good time
1.0 Gone Girl is out of this world, a powerful reminder of what cool, crazy, dangerous, hugely entertaining things can happen when big studios let grownup filmmakers make movies for and about grownups.
0.875 What begins as a beguiling whodunit takes an abrupt, choke on your popcorn turn midway through and, believe it or not, the ride is just getting started.
0.75 Gone Girl, for the most part, feels like an excellent thriller trapped within the confines of a bloated (and palpably plodding) drama...
0.8 Gone Girl is a dark and intelligent thriller that plays to Fincher's magnetising style, the two really are a match made in heaven.
1.0 Under the guidance of the remarkable David Fincher, this is one of those rare, elusive endeavors that contains nearly every important quality I cherish about moviemaking.
0.9 Gone Girl lives up to the hype.
0.7 Something close to a mechanically flawless thriller.
0.75 The spot-on casting carries over to the supporting cast: This thriller has the sort of lineup that will draw viewers to IMDb.com, possibly crashing its server.
0.9 It's undeniably entertaining to see a craftsman such as Fincher explore Flynn's thesis by way of rollicking popcorn cinema.
1.0 Deeply cynical, darkly funny, sometimes brutal, very powerful filmmaking that may make you a little queasy, but will almost certainly entertain you to no end.
0.8 This superior thriller arrives at a time when Hollywood mostly seems to have forgotten how to make 'em.
1.0 gets completely under your skin, rattles your sense of what's right and wrong, and generally undercuts any kind of moral pretense we might bring into the theater
1.0 Fincher's compositions offer the characters no exit; the widescreen keeps them in view, no matter how extreme their deceits and disguises.
0.75 The film's sense of savage, yet controlled, rage permeates director David Fincher's examination of a marriage that's gone so wrong.
0.8 There's no denying that it's an entertaining movie, made by a consummate filmmaker, though not, perhaps, quite as important as it would like to be.
0.9 Hey...the marriage in this movie is a lot better than many I've witnessed.
0.8 Fincher doesn't make bad movies and this is a very good one. Of his nine features, I'm going to put this on my list at number four, after Zodiac, The Social Network and Fight Club. That's good company, on one hell of a list.
0.8 Whatever its limitations, Gone Girl is the rare character-focused drama that can make audiences gasp audibly - and laugh, and cringe.
0.375 A trashy, scattershot serial-drama-cum-media satire that's more agenda-based than character-based. One day we'll look back and chuckle at how seriously people took Gone Girl the same way we do now at Fatal Attraction.
0.8 An admirably-tense mystery from master director David Fincher.
0.8 A rather excellent potboiler full of dark revelations and unexpected twists. And, wow, those twists leave one gobsmacked.
0.9 In the end, 'Gone Girl' echoes what experience has taught, in that with marriage you think you are getting what you desire when in reality you are getting what you deserve.
0.8 At 149 minutes, the film never drags nor does its mood settle, slipping from classy narcissistic humour to exploitation-inflected thrills in an instant; mercurial, mystifying - and tantalisingly missing.
0.6 With the exceptional commercial pedigree of its source material, this is overwritten in all aspects--presumably for being crafted for the screen by a novelist determined not to compromise her work for the sake of the medium.
0.9 Is Gone Girl on the same level as Fincher's flawless masterpieces such as Seven, Fight Club, and The Social Network? Not quite, but it's damned close.
0.9 Those who have read the blockbuster novel may be disappointed to know that author Gillian Flynn hasn't changed anything in adapting it to the big screen, so there aren't any surprises along the way.
0.875 This is the most elegant, exquisitely made trash.
0.8 Fincher cleverly twists and turns throughout this mysterious maze.
0.75 The latest must-see movie event from perpetual Hollywood wunderkind David Fincher, Gone Girl is 120 minutes of pure perfection. Unfortunately, the movie runs 145 minutes.
0.6 The film is a deceitful, lying partner, who can tell a good yarn and while we're not ready to believe all of it, we hang on for the ride anyway.
0.6 Good old crime pulp is essentially what Gone Girl is, unspooling like a two-part mini series and paced like a standard police/mystery procedural.
0.6 If Gone Girl's first half is a forensic dissection of a marriage that cuts like an autopsy, the second half sees the coroners cut loose, chucking guts around for fun.
1.0 ...one of sharpest dissections of a dysfunctional marriage since "Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?"
1.0 Dark and tension-filled, it reflects the cinematic artistry of the entire cast and production team. I can already hear Oscar buzz.
0.8 It's hard to imagine anyone else capturing the essence of Gone Girl quite like David Fincher does.
0.875 Of all David Fincher's accomplishments as a director, he may pull off his most impressive feat of all in Gone Girl -- getting Tyler Perry nominated for an Oscar.
0.875 A galvanizing portrait of defective love that twists, turns, and unfurls until you don't know what to think anymore.
0.8 A devilishly good time. What it lacks in style, it makes up for in substance.
0.9 A magnificently unsettling thriller that will shock and engage viewers from its opening moment to its final powerful shot.
0.8 For a slice of disposable fiction done with an expert hand, Gone Girl is quite entertaining.
1.0 Flawless, tough as nails and Oscar-bound, 'Gone Girl' is a thriller that never disappoints. With twists and turns as complex as DNA strands, this is one of the best movies of the year ... and, no, it's not too early to say that.
0.82 Perry, Patrick Harris and others all join Affleck and Pike with tremendous performances. Trent Reznor and Atticus Ross once again create the perfect score to accompany Fincher's mood.
0.9 A terrific multi-layered thriller that is sure to be ranked near the top of the list for best films of the year.
0.8 Gone Girl is a layered film experience that can be appreciated on multiple levels - with an intriguing central mystery, rounded characters, and sharp social commentary.
0.875 One of the smartest, most precisely observed portraits of a relationship to hit the screen in the last decade, and also one of the best whodunnits.
0.875 Gone Girl is an entertaining film in a category that is woefully missing in most movie theaters nowadays - storytelling.
0.8 Violent, layered adaptation is dark but thrilling.
0.8 an elegantly rendered, yet lurid potboiler of a movie.
0.7 In the film's final stages [Fincher] seems to be relying entirely on craft - but, boy, is it effective craft.
0.7 A masterfully crafted brew of mind-bending misdirection, outright lies, psychotic scheming, and detailed criminal procedural that will keep you guessing right up until the end.
0.875 However readers may have seen the story in their minds - the unshaven and rumpled Affleck is about a decade older than I imagined, but effectively seedy - Fincher crafts its scenes of a broken marriage into a convincing mosaic.
0.25 Factoring in the high potential, it's the worst film I've seen this year.
0.875 Gone Girl lives up to its promise as the year's "event" movie for fanboys and fangirls who prefer book clubs to comic-book stores.
1.0 The cast is uniformly perfect.
0.8 It's the stuff of mass-produced pulp novels and National Enquirer covers. But in Fincher's surgical grip, Gone Girl becomes more than a simple screen trip through Flynn's prose.
0.6 The tone and pacing are all over the place, and Gone Girl struggles to build a world with its own, immersive logic, sense of incident, and robust sources of energy.
0.875 Fincher proves himself to be the ideal director to turn this intricately plotted, misanthropic best-seller into a disturbing, yet undeniably entertaining movie.
0.625 Once you release the movie from the demand that it be significant, there are a number of achievements.
0.7 ...good story...good movie, but not as good as the book and marred by a changed ending and miscasting of Neil Patrick Harris, despite fine performances by the rest of the cast.
1.0 Clocking in at almost 150 minutes, there's a lot of story to tell here and the supporting cast all hand in strong performances.
1.0 A satisfying cat and mouse thriller that also serves as a clinical dissection of the games we play, the images we present to the world and the gap between carefully constructed fantasy and a complex, fallible reality.
0.8 Mostly a very clever and always watchable whodunit.
0.8 Gone Girl grabs you by making you first believe one thing, then another, quite the opposite. It's that woman! No, it's that man!
0.8 Maybe Flynn and Fincher are trying to stir up the sort of debate that swam around screenings of Fatal Attraction. This is a dangerous sort of game. Approach with caution (but do approach).
0.875 Fans of Flynn's 2012 novel will not be one tiny bit disappointed.
0.625 Once the chaotic adult-fairy-tale elements override Fincher's otherwise meticulous style, one suspects this tawdry tale of marital fury signifies nothing more than a nihilistic view of heterosexual marriage.
0.875 145 minutes of riveting drama and surprises.
0.875 Gone Girl presents a deft mix of whodunit and who-you-gonna-believe?
0.875 A perfect fit for a smirker like Ben Affleck. Sincerity is a bit outside his range, and a little emotional disengagement fits him like a smart suit.
0.9 a smart, modern thriller with enough quirks and eccentricities to remind you of how satisfying a film made by a true visionary can be
0.5 Early favorite for most disappointing Oscar-bait film of 2014.
0.9 A worthy twisted and twisting whodunnit. Few novelists adopting their work to the screen understand the nuances of movie storytelling. Gillian Flynn does.
0.875 "Gone Girl" is an absolutely delicious mystery, one that parcels out revelations and surprises at just the right moments. But it's also a movie about the stories we tell ourselves, about ourselves.
0.875 Delicious junk food for your soul.
0.7 ...a trashy guilty pleasure that's sometimes sexy and hints at complex satire winking wickedly at today's social media infused cult of celebrity.
0.9 Gone Girl is so expertly crafted that its 150-minute running time flies by - this story is worth every tightly-wound second.
1.0 Ingeniously clever, fiendishly crafted and full of surprises you won't see coming, it's endlessly entertaining and emerges as an Oscar frontrunner.
1.0 An essential movie of its moment.
0.5 the prototypical human-hating hipster model of too-smart, too-cool meta-cinema.
0.9 ... a pulp classic, a rare thing in modern cinema.
0.4 In this studio Garden of Eden the doom shadows are laid on with a paint roller and the snakes and apples are straight from the props cupboard.
0.75 Director David Fincher lands a tone for Gone Girl that's broad and precise enough to encourage a series of witty performances within the thriller framework.
0.625 It is entertaining but long, and though the acting is solid, it isn't as sharp or as smart as it wants to be.
0.5 Glossy, empty and ultimately unsatisfying - if undeniably entertaining ...
0.875 "Gone Girl" is art and entertainment, a thriller and an issue, and an eerily assured audience picture.
0.8 I hated watching these people but couldn't take my eyes off the screen. They're so crazy bad that the movie becomes crazy good. Just not so luridly great.
0.8 It's all very frightening, all too provocative, and all one mess of a good time.
0.85 Rosamund Pike's groundbreaking performance is insanely good. Gone Girl is a bleak, wicked, and gripping thriller strung together by a marvelous story driven by a lust for admiration.
0.625 It's stirring on a gut level, but the constant barrage of extremes also grows tiring -- even a little tiresome.
0.875 Flynn's great accomplishment, in her book and here, is an unstinting dedication to plot mechanics that jar our balance.
0.8 A brilliantly directed and well-acted psychological thriller.
0.75 Gillian Flynn's playful novel is now David Fincher's chilling movie. Still packed with twists and turns, but the overall effect is unsettling.
0.75 Even knowing what's ahead doesn't prepare you for the movie's tone, which is funny yet curdled and cynical and bleak.
0.8 It's the kind of film we hoped David Fincher might make with Dragon Tattoo; a satisfying, ironic, and sophisticated thriller. Go see.
1.0 David Fincher's box-cutter autopsy of a marriage which is forcibly dismantled and then forcibly reforged in the cobalt blue flames of ignominy, arrogance and deception. So, so much deception.
1.0 The brilliance of Gone Girl cannot be overstated, nor can it really be elucidated without diluting its many, many pleasures.
1.0 The best thriller of the year. And then some.
0.8 Fincher proves himself yet again to be a better cinematic psychologist of (in-)human nature than almost any other director alive.
0.9 One of the best films that will be released in 2014.
0.9 Amy is the most challenging and crucial character to capture, and Pike is simply brilliant in a role that has all the potential to become both career defining and life altering.
0.875 David Fincher's Gone Girl takes a big beach read about a troubled marriage and turns it into a suspenseful screen indictment of modern times.
0.8 The spirits of Highsmith and Hitchcock hover over this outrageous pulp suspense-thriller from David Fincher, episodically structured around twists and counter-twists, like an addictive boxset of a TV drama.
0.75 Ultimately what makes "Gone Girl" so watchable is the three-headed monster of Fincher, Pike and Affleck.
0.875 "Gone Girl" is suspenseful and entertaining -- its 2-1/2-hour running time breezes by -- but what sticks out on first viewing is how perfectly Fincher has cast it.
0.5 "Gone Girl" may get the job done as a dutiful, deliberately paced procedural, but it never quite makes the splash it could have as a thoughtful, timely and thoroughly bracing plunge.
0.7 Gone Girl is a devilish mystery and star-making performance for Rosamund Pike.
0.8 It's a cheeseburger treated like a filet and it's a film that'll stick with you thanks to clever sleight of hand and a few moments that beg for a revisit.
0.9 "Gone Girl" has more contempt for Nancy Grace and all she represents than it does for murder or infidelity- and you know what? I'm good with that.
0.9 For fans of the book and of David Fincher's previous films, "Gone Girl" is a must-see. It's also cheaper than couple's counseling.
0.875 It's dark, it's creepy and it's very good - both on the page, and on the screen.
0.7 It's a messy story told in a calculated way, with precision as ruthless as the diabolical plan it depicts.
0.8 Once again, Fincher is dressing up trash as serious art, wanting to have his cake and eat it too. And frankly, we wouldn't take it any other way.
0.7 An absorbing crime tale that works whether you know the twists or not.
0.85 This is not a 'meaningful' movie, it is a lark that takes itself too seriously, and under the assured direction of David Fincher, it's way more fun that way.
0.75 A viper's nest of unreliable narrators.
0.5 The characters sound like people trying to sound like people in the movies and not quite pulling it off.
1.0 Gone Girl is to marriage what Fatal Attraction was to infidelity.
0.5 Preposterous, illogical, senselessly over-plotted and artificial as a ceramic artichoke ... one of the year's grossest disappointments.
0.9 Long story short: The movie absolutely lives up to the hype.
0.8 It's only towards the end that you become aware of the improbability of the whole, but by then it's too late, you've been hooked.
0.8 David Fincher is a remarkably good director.
0.9 It's a wild ride, made no less thrilling by the knowledge that it ends in a horrific crash, from which no one walks away unscathed.
1.0 It's Pike whom audiences will be talking about and arguing about long after they've screened the film. She seizes hold of Flynn's conception of a woman slowly losing control over her own narrative with gusto, and Fincher reacts splendidly.
0.2 Fincher's chief delight seems to be in playing with genre conventions: what looks like an especially moody whodunit morphs first into a psychosexual thriller and then into what might just be straight-faced satire.
0.4 You could call this vision misogynistic, and you wouldn't be wrong, but you'd be far more accurate if you simply called it ludicrous.
0.8 Gone Girl is a high-quality mainstream crowd-pleaser in the best possible sense of the phrase.
0.625 "Gone Girl" is nothing if not absorbing, beginning as a sort of investigative procedural before corkscrewing halfway through to become something else entirely.
0.75 Entertaining. But one of Fincher's very best? Not by a Missouri mile
0.875 It's everything the book was and more - more, certainly, in its sinister, brackish atmosphere dominated by mustard-yellow fluorescence, designed to make you squint, recoil and then lean in a little closer.
1.0 Pike is a revelation. The actress ... demonstrates versatility with compelling eyes that can instantly switch from innocent to detached. Oscar consideration is certainly a possibility for her.
0.8 Gone Girl is a brilliantly directed, thrillingly nasty piece of psychologically-riveting pulp that promises to be one of the year's biggest water-cooler hits.
0.9 Gone Girl features Fincher working near the top of his game, crafting exquisite, chilly, below-the-line production work as he solicits career-best performances from his handsomely put-upon leads.
0.875 Cunning as a raptor and nearly as fast, Gone Girl is an anesthetic-free dissection of human nature.
0.8 Even if you have read the book and know what happens in Gone Girl, you're still in for a treat watching the movie. And if you haven't read it and don't know what happens, well then you're definitely in for a treat.
0.4 Something is amiss in Gone Girl.
1.0 Traz Affleck e Pike em performances que sao apostas quase garantidas em premiacoes no fim do ano.
0.8 Gone Girl is Fincher at his wittiest and seedy in its chronicle of a marriage that bears unexpected, rotten fruit which a scandal hungry country devours with glee.
0.87 Gone Girl is a rare bird: a tricky, weird mystery that benefits from people knowing its twist from the outset.
0.8 As entertainingly gripping as it is smartly disturbing and scathingly satirical.
0.8 Even those who have read Gillian Flynn's novel can expect to be surprised by the jolts and jumps in David Fincher's take on events.
0.75 There hasn't been a soignee blonde so flat-out hate-able since Gwyneth bitched about the burdens of motherhood. Welcome to the A-list, Gone Girl star Rosamund Pike!
0.8 Stylish, twisted and daring, Gone Girl is a David Fincher date movie: dark, smart and dangerous. If it doesn't deliver in its finale, its twist, turns and commitment to moral repugnance will leave you reeling.
0.875 Believe me, you should see the movie, and then you can talk about it all night. And you probably will.
1.0 Deliciously dark and utterly gripping, this tightly-coiled teaser delivers disturbing answers to some very awkward questions.
0.6 Where the book was better in its first half and more of a trashy twist-a-thon in its second, the film, directed by David Fincher, actually gets better once it gets trashy.
1.0 Ben Affleck and Rosamund Pike deliver a masterclass in duplicity in their deft manipulation of the Dunnes' complex lives and rising resentments.
0.5 There's a comic streak to the film that suggests David Fincher may understand the material as trash, but it's the kind of affectation that only reinforces, rather than dulls, its insults.
0.875 Intelligently structured by novelist Flynn herself, the film features a mannered turn by Academy Award winner Ben Affleck while the absolute success of the picture is indebted to the lavish and grandiose performance of Rosamund Pike.
0.8 Somehow, Fincher imposes coherence and clarity on a complex and messy storyline.
1.0 A break-all-the-windows plot-twister that keeps every jolt and (most of) the cultural jabs from Gillian Flynn's blockbuster novel.
0.875 David Fincher's shockingly good film version of Gone Girl  is the date-night movie of the decade for couples who dream of destroying one another. Expect a stampede at the box office.
0.7 Floating through the narrative like a ghost, [Pike] embodies the aloofness that is both the film's strength and its weakness.
0.8 [A] gripping psychological thriller.
0.8 Doesn't have the heft of Zodiac or the verve of Se7en but Gone Girl is a masterful adaptation and a superior crime-thriller.
1.0 The stealthiest comedy since American Psycho.
0.8 Gone Girl, finally, may be no more than a storm in a teacup. But what an elegant, bone-china teacup this is. And what a fearsome force-10 gale we have brewing inside.
0.8 Above all, it's is a delicious exercise in audience-baiting: what begins as a he-said, she-said story of mounting, murderous suspense, lurches at its fulcrum into the kind of hot mess Brian De Palma might have cooked up 20 years ago in his attic.
1.0 There are moments in this film that will make your jaw drop in shock and horror.
0.9 "Gone Girl" will earn plenty of loud shouts of applause, awed sounds of surprise, and shocked laughter, but what makes it worthy of them is all the hushed, uneasy conversations it's guaranteed to inspire in the long, unsettled silence to come after.
0.3 I hardly see the need for this watered-down twist on that '70s TV-movie Bad Ronald.
0.375 The Intruders would like to be more clever than it is, but it's hamstrung by a script that's a bit of a fixer-upper.
0.2 The Intruders stacks the deck with all the familiar horror signposts, as if straying from cliches were the most frightening thing of all.
0.7 Really darn great by slasher standards, and even kind of pretty good by the standards of decent, functional, God-fearing modes of cinema.
0.6 Just a little more skillfully done than many of its contemporaries, and whatever esteem I have for it is largely nostalgic, but at least it tries to be different.
0.6 Sends you a chill down the spine that won't subside until those final few minutes...see it before the upcoming remake
0.4 Just another slasher picture.
0.4 Nicholson gave the best analysis of the film in a later-career interview: "It was incredibly bad."
0.4 Moody, not-quite-coherent suspense
0.4 Tepid, shoddy stuff despite its pedigree.
1.0 Masterpiece about absolute truth. Best for teens.
1.0 "Rashomon" may be a prosecutor's nightmare, but it's a film lover's dream.
1.0 The mixture of bravura camera work, muscular direction and inventive storytelling remains unmissable.
1.0 Unmissable.
0.875 What Akira Kurosawa and his tiny production team wrought is now an accepted maxim of modern life, a creed by which to live in a world where everyone has a blog and an opinion.
1.0 Film buffs should love it. But so should anyone who appreciates a good yarn or two (or three or four).
0.89 a game-shifter that challenges all we think we know about truth
1.0 Astonishing.
0.875 ...reveals Kurosawa's own influence, especially on the filmmakers behind the recent rash of Japanese horror.
0.8 Kurosawa is always worth a look but this is a particular classic that has influenced so much to come, it's almost essential.
1.0 It does nothing less than demolishing everything its characters -- and some of its audience -- believed in.
1.0 I suspect that most people who come to Japanese cinema first enter it through Kurosawa.
1.0 A classic head-game of perception versus reality.
1.0 An ultimate classic that changed how films were told forever. By telling the story from each character's point of view, "Rashamon" explored how narrative can be biased, and how one person's story is never the whole tale. I highly recommend this film.
1.0 Copiado a exaustao por cineastas de todo o mundo, Rashomon e inigualavel - nao apenas por sua estrutura, mas por sua bela analise sobre a natureza humana.
1.0 Much of the power of the picture -- and it unquestionably has hypnotic power -- derives from the brilliance with which the camera of director Akira Kurosawa has been used.
1.0 Rashomon is a great piece of entertainment that engages your brain and your emotions
1.0 Rashomon (1950) struck the world of film like a thunderbolt.
1.0 The moral ambiguities of the film certainly are enlightening.
1.0 There is so much content in its 88-minute running time that even careful viewers feel their heads spinning when they first see it.
1.0 despite the many imitators, no one has quite duplicated the power and gnawing unease of this challenging film
1.0 A biting commentary on deceit, gender roles, and due process (not to mention Japanese culture).
0.8 Great.
1.0 Kurosawa's most brilliant move in Rashomon is never to reveal what really happened. We are left to make our own deductions.
1.0 A monument to Akira Kurosawa's greatness, combining his well-known humanism with an experimental narrative style that has become a hallmark of film history.
1.0 The film is not only a landmark for being one of the most philosophical and brilliant films of all time, but is also one of the most entertaining.
1.0 What Kurosawa implies in this haunting film is that in the retelling, inevitably every man will make himself out to be the hero or villain of the story.
0.5 ...simply (and ultimately) unable to wholeheartedly justify its existence...
0.4 We've been here before, and we'll be here again.
0.25 ...[a] dead zone of a movie.
0.2 You'd probably get the same enjoyment out of watching a public safety advert.
0.7 A serviceable entry in the low-budget horror column, and makes the most of its limited resources with stirring imagery and a full-blown performance by its star.
0.2 'Soul' is the one of the many things lacking in this sad excuse for a horror film.
0.3 Yawn.
0.375 When it thinks it is building atmosphere and mystery, it's really just meandering and suffering from dank cinematography.
0.4 Blatantly cannibalising every horror movie it can think of in the attempt to produce some patchwork Frankenstein's monster.
0.0 A toothless, fright-free journey into dullsville.
0.0 An exercise in spinning wheels, a muddle of images, ideas, and characters that don't go anywhere, let alone make any sense.
0.2 [A] jumbled botch.
0.15 A badly acted, unoriginal, irritating movie...Easily one of the worst films of 2001.
0.4 Though overly reliant on quick-cut montages and shots of Cassie running down hallways, writer/director Steve Carpenter delivers some modest thrills alongside the usual teen-horror cliches.
0.2 Soulless, spookless sludge.
0.4 Despite the handsome production values and best efforts of the attractive young cast, it's hard to get deeply involved with the frantic 'what's going on?' sturm und drang.
0.0 Survivors is a truly awful mix of bad direction, nonsensical story line and dialogue that appears to have been made up on the spot.
0.2 It's a real struggle to survive Soul Survivors to the finish.
0.25 Soul Survivors is such a numbingly opaque and enervating movie experience that even Jeepers Creepers seems poetic and luminous by comparison.
0.2 Carpenter's script rummages through a closetful of horror-movie cliches and drags them all out sooner or later.
0.2 So awful I feel compelled to knock on doors and warn people about it.
0.2 A sentimental story of little suspense and scant terror.
0.75 If most thrillers were as original and well-made as this one, we'd all be very lucky.
0.25 A pathetic parade of standard-issue jumps and frights that can't raise a single goosebump.
0.54 The problem here isn't just the ludicrous and sometimes-confusing story. It also features awesomely awful dialogue.
0.375 A by-the-numbers horror movie whose only real scare comes from the sudden blast of a starter's pistol at a swim meet.
0.4 It doesn't entertain, it's confusing, it rarely excites and it feels pretty redundant for most of its runtime, despite a pretty cool ending
0.2 A somnolent international crime thriller. Completely run-of-the-mill and executed with zero energy.
0.8 Though it is relentlessly violent and at times difficult to watch, The World Of Kanako possesses a raw momentum that is undeniable.
0.5 This 'Donnie Darko Tale' is all style, no substance - a superficial imitation that retraces the original's twists and turns but offers none of its own.
0.3 It's been reported that Richard Kelly has completely disowned this movie, and for good reason
0.4 The entire project seems to sweat from the exertion of its writer Nathan Atkins and director Chris Fisher to do something-anything-to make the film worthwhile.
0.4 It wants to echo the original but can't figure out the rhythms.
0.2 a thick, viscous sludge of cliches, stereotypes, and poorly written dialogue
0.6 A sexy, suspenseful thriller. A great cast
0.6 An OK whodunit with a memorable, unintentionally hilarious ending.
0.5 A TV-movie that feels like TV and replaces tense scenic construction with talk and reaction shots instead of focusing on the action.
0.0 This film is so painfully awful that no pleasure can be found in criticizing it.
0.4 Convoluted and rather dull.
0.0 At one point, Kily/Tilly notes: "Parents! You can't live with them. You can't live without their Mastercard." Hopefully, that will be the only sentence I remember from this abomination, and if the Lord is merciful, not even that.
0.875 ...one of the most impressive debut features in cinematic history.
1.0 No matter how many times you've freeze-framed the bit at the end, it's still up there with Die Hard and Taxi Driver as one of the great once-a-year indulgences.
1.0 Brash, abrasive and unrelenting, this is a must-see.
0.75 This movie is not for everybody. It's for hardly anybody. Fans of this kind of paperback-style bloodbath, however, will be held by the promise of a resolution as outlandish and as the rest of the picture.
1.0 A brash, brutal crime-caper film, Reservoir Dogs has enough raw energy for 10 motion pictures and more than enough rough stuff to traumatize the sensitive. But not only does Dogs have teeth, it has brains.
0.8 Tarantino's palpable enthusiasm, his unapologetic passion for what he's created, reinvigorates this venerable plot and, mayhem aside, makes it involving for longer than you might suspect.
0.625 A much-acclaimed revisionist gangster film that I found to have more style than substance.
0.875 Reservoir Dogs is hideously ugly in its materials, but in the sure way it's made and the vividness of the performances, it's a thing of beauty.
0.8 Raw and bloody. For adults.
0.875 An action movie comprised almost entirely of words.
1.0 memorable
1.0 Tarantino was slated to direct the masterpiece that was True Romance but took on this project which might be the best directorial debut in years!
1.0 It's dynamite on a short fuse.
1.0 A tour de force.
1.0 Quentin Tarantino came out of nowhere with perhaps the most astonishing, explosive American debut film since John Cassavetes' Shadows.
0.8 This is a savage gangster story with all the Tarantino trappings, including enough blood for a couple of Jaws movies.
0.91 The one QT film that always manages to rope a knot in my stomach and keep a firm grip, pulling, twisting, tightening and re-tying it.
1.0 For Tarantino, the age of heroic competence is as dead as his characters are at the fadeout.
0.8 Grandes atuacoes em um filme chocante, mas engracado em sua violencia estilizada.
1.0 Fantastic crime movie. Awesome dialogue, plot structure and acting. Doesn't get much better.
0.6 A small, modestly budgeted crime movie of sometimes dazzling cinematic pyrotechnics and over-the- top dramatic energy.
1.0 A nasty, unchained beast with teeth as sharp as razors. And it's a dog that proudly leads the pack of the very finest crime films.
1.0 While Reservoir Dogs is probably Tarantino's most unpolished work, it strongly contends for the distinction of being his best.
0.9 I can't remember a movie getting me so excited about what you could do with a little bit of money, some fine actors, and lots of beautifully profane rhythmic dialogue.
0.9 Tarantino's debut is a wildly entertaining, thrilling, upsetting and hilarious movie, shot and performed with verve, go-for-broke energy and gritty charisma.
1.0 Riveting from start to finish.
0.9 After watching this film for the zillionth time, there's no doubt in my mind that this 'little doggy' belongs at the top echelon of any list having to do with great crime pictures.
0.875 Tarantino's camera has instinct.
0.8 Tarantino exploits audience savvy, preferring to build anticipation, mesmerise, and then cut away at the climax.
0.875 A ballet of macho posturing, gun-pointing, and the creative uses of every four-letter word imaginable.
1.0 It's brutal, it's funny and you won't forget it.
0.625 Tarentino has the craft down but lacks the depth and moral wisdom to avoid merely gleeful bloodletting.
0.625 The movie feels like it's going to be terrific, but Tarantino's script doesn't have much curiosity about these guys.
1.0 A nod to such noir crime classics as Stanley Kubrick's "The Killing," the movie's more than savvy sensationalism. Suspense, horror and humor are expertly interwoven.
0.87 A classic well worth watching.
0.9 Chock full of witty and quotable dialogue and eye-popping scenes.
1.0 [A] remarkable macho crime caper that is at once violent, sickeningly funny and utterly compelling.
0.9 Tarantino has created a movie with all the gritty punch of a .44 in the belly.
1.0 The writing is crisp and clean, providing line after line of snappy dialogue designed to leave the viewer alternately pondering and laughing aloud.
0.6 Want more from a late-summer joyride than slides, wheelies and bunny hops? Get a load of Shannon, dementedly inspired, trying out an oddball accent and Richard Widmark giggle.
0.6 Just a few spokes short of a wheel, guys.
1.0 The kind of low-expectation late-summer film that can all too often fall under the radar but delivers more honestly and forcefully than most of its warm-weather predecessors.
0.6 Eye-popping practical bike work should provide interested viewers with a middle-of-the-road rush that's a bit short of 'premium.'
0.6 ... a lightning-paced, hyper-adrenalized entertainment.
0.4 There is also a romance and scenes of what may or may not be human trafficking but unless the action is happening on the back of a Schwinn it pretty much is only hinted at on screen.
0.4 Even though we see more of New York at street level than you'd ever expect in one thriller, this film is hit by one puncture after another.
0.8 This is about the bike, the road and the compulsion to go, go, go.
0.6 The film is one snappy, fast-paced chase through the streets of Manhattan. Never mind the logic, feel the breeze.
0.6 A least one reviewer cycled home from the screening in a state of uncharacteristic nervousness.
0.6 The chases are well done and Gordon-Levitt is a solid lead but the film gives him little to do other than ride.
0.4 A VHS classic from another age, but times have changed.
0.6 Simple but fun.
0.4 Fast, furious and infuriating.
0.5 For all its attempts at originality, Premium Rush is, at its heart, generic
0.4 A few twiddly Google Maps inserts aside, David Koepp's film is low on kinetic energy.
0.6 Enjoyable, fast-paced thriller that makes up for its plot deficiencies with sheer adrenaline and a pair of superb performances from Joseph Gordon-Levitt and Michael Shannon.
0.6 We just laugh at every ridiculous twist and turn. But it's shot with real energy, putting us right on bicycles speeding dangerously through the New York traffic
0.8 A blast.
0.8 A satisfying piece of head-rush cinema that should leave viewers feeling exhilarated.
0.6 A movie that while thin and silly, moves with such joyous speed that you almost want to throw your arms in the air and scream.
0.75 Michael Shannon gives his run-of-the-mill dialogue an unusually campy kick and singlehandedly keeps Premium Rush entertaining when it could have been routine.
0.625 The better-than-average feel is perpetuated by Gordon-Levitt's remarkably (yet expectedly) charismatic performance...
0.6 JGL's enjoyment in his job adds welcome levels of Levitt-y.
0.625 Wafer-thin characters aside, Premium Rush delivers thanks to Michael Shannon's unhinged villain.
0.625 Rush Peddles to Satisfying Thrills
0.6 It is pretty exciting to see the race scenes happen through a camera on a bike speeding through the streets of New York. Plus Shannon gives a distinct portrayal of a bad guy.
0.375 Someone should have heeded the "brakes are death" creed of Gordon-Levitt's messenger and slammed them on while this was still a script.
0.75 ... the kamikaze cyclist's wet dream and the best action movie of the summer, a fun fusion of humor, suspense and pure adrenaline ... Hitchcock meets 'Breaking Away,' anyone?
0.522 Initially diverting and thrilling, but with diminishing returns. It's excessively inane and cartoonish. Not enough pleasure to call it a guilty pleasure.
0.7 Premium Rush isn't mindless mayhem, a thriller for teenage boys bursting with hormonal bloodlust. Koepp's film has a brain...
0.6 New York bicycle couriers lead such dangerous lives that it seems it would be possible to make a thrilling movie about them without having conventional villains or plots.
0.75 The movie speeds along crisply, providing just enough exposition to lend a few pounds of emotional weight without bogging down the breakneck pace.
0.75 It moves like a bullet, has some effective chase sequences, and gives you Michael Shannon as one of the year's most memorable bad guys.
0.6 Pure cinema.
0.8 It's the kinetic energy Koepp injects into the premise that overshadows the predictable plotting and pushes your pulse into the danger zone.
0.5 It never gels and one of the biggest problems is the lack of a consistent tone.
0.6 the powers that be perfectly understand that they are making an evening's diversion, not an artistic statement, which in itself may be a perfectly valid artistic statement
0.875 Gordon-Levitt, fresh off his pivotal role in "The Dark Knight Rises," is an engaging leading man - tough and plucky, but also charming and accessible.
0.7 There is virtually nothing original about the premise of Premium Rush, but its execution is immensely entertaining.
1.0 A Tour de Gridlock unfolding at a breakneck pace that doesn't give you a chance to pause to consider whether what you're watching is even credible.
0.4 Shannon should have made Roscoe P. Coltrane noises the whole time.
0.6 A silly, race-against-time thriller, filled with impressive chase scenes and stunt work on a bike without brakes.
0.875 A movie built around a bicycle messenger is a risky venture -- as an adrenaline-pumper, it sounds about as promising as Driving Miss Daisy -- but writer-director David Koepp invests in our need for speed right from the first frame.
0.4 What we're left with are bicycles scooting around Manhattan and some mildly diverting stunt work...
0.875 Joseph Gordon-Levitt and Michael Shannon face off in a 90-minute chase layered with flashbacks that cleverly fill in the details with Pulp Fiction-esque precision.
0.4 While Michael Shannon's performance is hilarious for every reason it shouldn't be, Joseph Gordon-Levitt disappoints for one of the first (and hopefully last) moments of his career. "Premium Rush" just feels sloppy and unsatisfying.
0.625 While the premise is a bit idiotic, and at a brisk 90 minutes, 'Premium Rush' delivers the best ride due to Gordon-Levitt and Shannon's hilarious and appealing performances.
0.875 The simple, utterly satisfying Premium Rush delivers just what the title promises.
0.75 In many ways a live-action Road Runner cartoon... The other influence is Howard Hawks, in particular 'Only Angels Have Wings'...
0.5 ...lacking characters to care about and with only the whisper of a story, 91 minutes of people riding bicycles at high speed through traffic-laden New York City isn't enough.
0.7 The 'premium' of Koepp's film is the frenetic pace while the 'rush' stems largely from ignoring the transpiring events and savouring the ride.
0.8 Sometimes, what makes a movie a good one is not the story so much as how that story is told.
0.6 (I)n the capable hands of David Koepp, we see how a simple premise can be parlayed into entertaining, escapist late Summer fun.
0.5 A near-miss. Joseph Gordon-Levitt, and especially Michael Shannon give it their all, but they can't overcome the patch-work script.
0.5 Rarely delivers on its title's promise of high-class excitement.
0.6 Overall it will make a fun evening out, but don't expect greatness out of this race to the finish.
0.8 Premium Rush looks and feels like a lightweight movie, because it is. But it's an unusually well-made one.
0.6 Premium Rush is little more than a 90-minute chase scene, but it's an often exhilarating ride thanks to adrenalin-triggering visuals.
0.5 Undeniably, the word "action" does apply, but only as it falls between "class" and "suit."
0.625 "Premium Rush" is both the title of this movie and its clever if less than subtle promise to summer audiences -- which it mostly delivers ...
0.25 This is supposed to be a life-and-death chase movie, not two friends messing around.
0.625 Breezy and entertaining, if imperfect ...
0.375 If it didn't star the universally beloved Gordon-Levitt, "Premium Rush" would quietly fall in the category of late-summer time killer for teenagers.
0.375 Premium Rush is like Kim Kardashian, it looks pretty, but you wouldn't want to marry it.
0.625 Premium Rush simply cannot recover from the pace-deflating expository flashbacks.
0.625 The cinematic equivalent of a theme park ride&#151;fun in the moment, inconsequential in the long run, and over in a blink.
0.75 Sit back and enjoy it as a summer jolt of pure adrenaline.
0.75 Like the lithe and maligned carriers weaving their way through Big Apple traffic, "Premium Rush" is a thin, brash, sinewy thing built entirely for speed.
0.3 The script is terrible and the greatMichael Shannon is forced to sound like a 1930's gangster: "Hey what's the big idea!" and he's so over the top and it sucks you out of it.
0.45 This will take you over when you're watching it, there's some cool tricks that suck you in, but after you start thinking about it, you realize that it's nowhere near as good as you thought it was while you were watching it.
0.75 The contrived tale is filled with plot holes, but the story takes a back seat to the chase-filled, daredevil action.
0.75 A surprising jolt to the system, driven by a great villainous turn by Michael Shannon.
0.8 [It] actually doesn't sound like it would work at all as a tightly wound slice of street action, but it does, and in radically fresh ways.
0.75 A chase is an inherently exciting event that movies can capture better than any other medium. David Koepp's Premium Rush is an exhilarating chase.
0.7 Premium Rush quickly kicks off its extended action set piece and never lets up.
0.75 A refreshingly simple stunt-packed, low-budget action movie.
0.625 Premium Rush can't decide if it's a serious, ticking-clock thriller or an antic, stunt-driven cartoon.
0.8 Cruising the streets of Manhattan, clocking in at a tight 90 minutes and set on a bike without brakes, this loose-limbed action-drama is a swift, sweaty ode to the city's subcultures and a punky descendant of '70s B-movies.
0.5 "Premium Rush" has a lot of energy - too much, it's kind of exhausting. It also has a lot of trickiness.
0.8 Stuffed with zingers and zippy stunts, it comes with pretty young things of all hues and hair types - few prettier than its lead, Joseph Gordon-Levitt - and start-to-finish clever special effects, none more clever or special than Michael Shannon.
0.625 The story appears formulaic at first but gets increasingly twisty as the movie progresses - though not always in a good way.
0.25 The plot is as layered and complex as a TV ad for detergent.
0.875 The skeleton of "Premium Rush" is as old as the movies: a chase. It's how the skeleton is fleshed out that makes the movie such loopy, crazed, dangerous fun.
0.5 For those who found "Speed" too thoughtful, there's "Premium Rush," the new king of brainless chase flicks (at least until Razor scooters finances its first feature film).
0.75 Think of it as a motocross event blended with "Bullitt."
0.5 It continually spins its wheels or even goes in reverse, backtracking to previous points to load new information.
0.625 Hollywood has been trying to pull off the bike messenger as action hero since 1986's Quicksilver with Kevin Bacon. You have to hand it to Premium Rush, which has the kinetic whoosh to keep you spinning.
0.6 This is empty-calorie stuff, but sometimes empty calories are the most enjoyable calories -- and Premium Rush, like Gordon-Levitt's bike-messenger character, delivers.
0.6 High-octane action sustains thin plot in teen-friendly film.
0.75 A snappy, fast-paced thriller that provides a genuine rush to close out the summer. Even if you prefer four wheels over two, you're in for a pulse-pounding time.
0.75 The nonstop action and physicality is like watching a two-wheel parkour workout video.
0.4 The action is neither cathartic nor supremely exhilarating. Bullitt on a bike this film is not.
0.95 An action lover's wet dream, with enough character and self-aware intelligence to forgive the rampant silliness at play.
0.6 Add neon and spandex and you might think of 'Tron'
0.75 Silly stuff, but for an end-of-summer matinee you could do a whole lot worse - and, by this point of the summer, probably have.
0.8 Like a bike wheel, the film reflects an ever-spinning cycle of scenes that race forward and then, just as quickly, pedal back in time. A riveting action, um, spiller, with Shannon as a bad cop who couldn't be better.
0.75 It's Shannon who doesn't just steal the film, he towers over it.
0.65 Premium Rush is a half-entertaining, half-exasperating movie - one that sells you on the notion of New York bike messengers as great fodder for cinema but then doesn't know how to build a feature around them.
0.875 "Premium Rush" is great fun - nimble, quick, the thinking person's mindless entertainment.
0.75 Rarely has a movie been so well served by its superficiality; Premium Rush proves how invigorating genre filmmaking can be in the hands of a savvy, perpetually inventive director.
0.65 Entertaining enough but some of its inherent silliness might guarantee its place as a cult hit that finds more fans once it hits cable.
0.75 Could have cast Bow Wow and Ray Liotta and delivered its package, generically and according to protocol. Thankfully, this snappy little action flick prefers to zig and zag.
0.875 I'm very weary of routine chase movies. There's nothing routine about "Premium Rush."
0.3 It's all very "mad scientist dungeon," minus the excitement.
0.9 Everything I wanted in a Matrix sequel
0.4 Not one of the worst sequels that has ever been put in movie theaters, and not one of the most disappointing... but, is it ever a grind.
0.8 Electrifying but still violent 2nd in trilogy.
0.625 The encoded bloom is off the digital rose in The Matrix Reloaded. [Blu-ray]
0.75 Offers some phenomenal action sequences that more than deliver on the jaw-dropping promise shown on the trailers.
0.6 Between the money scenes, we get characters standing at attention and burping prophecies and deep thoughts at each other.
0.75 ...less a narrative than an advertisement for a cultural wave. It's all about discount Zen and black clothes, the commodification of sterile violence as Kabuki.
0.625 As a movie, its pacing is off, its characters are thin and its plot is...well, questionable at best. But as a science-fiction phenomenon, it is art.
0.8 The Matrix Reloaded -- not unlike its predecessor -- might be hard to swallow, but it's so delicious you just can't help but want more.
1.0 Now if I can just make it until November to see how those loose ends tie up...
0.2 Tremendously bad.
0.625 Entertaining enough to make it worth the price of a movie ticket.
0.9 Trying to describe it is futile. Just go see it.
0.5 'What made the first film so satisfying -- the detailed creepiness of human enslavement by technology -- is barely touched on here.'
0.8 I can't wait to see what the Wachowski's have in store.
0.7 Sure to entertain, philosophize, and leave you hanging for the final chapter.
0.75 Reloaded can't match the initial thrill sensation in the first. What it does do is expound on the original with considerable style and move the story forward.
0.875 ... It is a satisfying continuation of the epic story begun in The Matrix and sets the stage for what should be a grand finale...
0.8 [D]azzling special effects, lots of action, and some mind bending philosophizing.
0.875 In an attempt to turn The Matrix into a state-of-the-art trilogy, The Wachowski Bros. have posed new questions that viewers hope will be answered in the final chapter.
0.6 Don't even try to figure any of it out. Just look, listen, and enjoy.
0.8 .
0.6 The Matrix franchise, founded on a stylish sense of cool, has suddenly reinvented itself in the nerdy image of Star Wars.
0.8 A smart and entertaining film that, if it doesn't work the same magic as its predecessor, still makes us believe in the power of choice to change the world.
0.5 Maybe it's way-too-high expectations and sequel lowliness to X2 but The Matrix Reloaded -- with all those lame Superman flights -- is an unthreatening misfire compared to the first
0.8 ...impressed the hell out of me?and that?s coming from a critic who?s very hard to please.
0.7 While The Matrix Reloaded certainly held my attention, it doesn't have my heart.
0.666666666667 The technical talent is there: the problem is the script, which never once pauses to consider its own essential silliness.
1.0 There are levels on which it works, and levels on which it doesn't, but all of them hold our attention.
0.625 'Simplemente es una mediana cinta de accion que quiza encuentre su lugar cuando llegue la parte final de la historia.'
0.5 Andy and Larry Wachowski's eagerly awaited sequel comprises equal parts style and stupidity.
0.875 The Matrix Reloaded is the same genius material, only this time with a small handful of flaws.
0.2 We hear so much that Neo is "The One" the "Oracle" spoke of in "The Prophecy" that I began to think his midiclorines predisposed him to The Force.
0.8 An unqualified triumph for the many artisans who brought to life some of the most audacious and astonishing action sequences you are likely to see for a decade.
0.5 It highlighted the main problem with the first film and exacerbated it: the Wachowskis are not profound, although they want to be.
0.8 Caso continue a caminhar na direcao sugerida por esta segunda parte, Matrix Revolutions confirmara o potencial desta trilogia em se firmar como um dos projetos mais ambiciosos de ficcao cientifica que o Cinema ja produziu.
0.8 It all adds up to 138 minutes of very high-quality entertainment: and it's not often the time whizzes by as entertainingly as this.
0.625 For all its technological brilliance, the brothers' script undercuts the illusion, as the dialogue sounds as if it should be delivered comic book-style, in balloons over the actors' heads.
0.4 Bloated, pretentious, confusing and occasionally downright annoying.
0.75 The questions raised by the film about the nature of reality and the extent of control available to those who can manipulate it are truly frightening if you give them enough thought, which is what makes this film and its predecessor surprisingly unique.
1.0 To simply say the "Matrix Reloaded" is better than the first is too easy.
0.8 I hope it's intentionally funny, especially the Busby Berkeley fight with Weaving, who I wished would don one of his Priscilla costumes and start lip-synching Abba.
0.5 The low point occurs when the unwashed masses of Zion celebrate Neo's return with what appears to be the previously unknown Dirty Dancing rave sequence from 'One Million Years B.C.'
0.9 Cool, smart fun that lives up to its predecessor, with only a couple of slow spots.
0.7 . I watched The Matrix to freshen up on all that coolness the night before seeing Reloaded. I would still watch it again over this. .
0.7 Highly pretentious and overly serious yet a feast for the eyes with groundbreaking effects and action sequences.
0.5 There's only so much Rubik's Cubism a film can handle, and Reloaded is awash in sci-fi and religious overtones that continually bog down the film's forward motion.
1.0 The film is so intellectually complex, so stimulating, that multiple viewings are required -- perhaps a calculated move on the Wachowskis' part for one of the most anticipated films of the year, if not the era.
0.8 I'm pleased to report [the Brothers Wachowski] pulled it off. And the testicular fortitude required to pull off the film I've just seen boggles the mind.
0.2 The Matrix Reloaded makes the deathly mistake of believing that it's hype is actually mythology and buys into this whole-heartedly. The result is a dull, slow-moving piece of pretention.
0.5 Instead of developing a story that you can get involved in, the filmmakers simply obsess over the minutia of their own creation.
0.7 A film that escalates its ability to astonish viewers with its technological achievements.
0.5 Viewing The Matrix Reloaded is like being eaten alive slowly by a machine. Some machine parts are impressive and you can slip into a sort of trance as you are noshed.
0.75 Early in the movie, Morpheus warns a new character that he's got to have faith. All things considered, The Matrix Reloaded justifies that faith.
0.5 The plot is interesting and there is almost enough to make a fascinating 20 minute short. Unfortunately, the film is well over two hours.
0.6 There are a lot of images we are seeing on the screen for the first time, some quite impressive.
0.625 Hopefully November's release of 'Revolutions' will reveal a clarity of purpose and a satisfying end to the saga. In mid-May, I can only go by what I see on the screen. And it's a muddled, overreaching, occasionally engrossing mess.
0.6 Smart, sexy, and action-rammed.
0.8 In this first Matrix sequel, you'll see things you've never seen before on a movie screen, and that's all that matters.
0.5 So let's cut to the chase. Is the second Matrix movie worth the wait? Not quite.
0.625 All the philosophical/metaphysical rambling doesn't alter the fact that this latest Matrix is a visual movie, pure and simple.
0.875 ... crafted with a careful hand... repeat viewings may be necessary to take it all in (darn the luck, huh?) There's plenty of possibilities to ponder after the credits roll
0.75 ...visually vigorous and devoutly exhilarating...a frenetic fable that's thankfully rousing and robust...undeniably rapid, exotic, and marvelous in its impressive viewing.
0.625 While it's good enough and even great at times, it just doesn't click the way the original did even though it's larger in scope.
0.8 The Matrix Reloaded is better than the original.
0.875 Pretty damn spectacular! Still smart, still amazing, still innovative and it contains one of the greatest chase scenes ever filmed. Sci-fi fans, philosophy majors and action movie buffs have every reason to be happy.
0.4 Your brain will likely feel sucker-punched by the end of this obtuse ****storm, which falls flat faster than you can say Attack of the Clones.
0.875 The Matrix Reloaded is a real kick the second time around.
1.0 When it comes to visuals, The Matrix Reloaded doesn't disappoint; in fact, the movie is probably the most realistic looking special effects feature ever made.
0.625 It's the technical wizardry that keeps "The Matrix Reloaded" going at all, which should not be the case.
0.75 A worthy sequel.
0.875 The world created so vividly by the Wachowskis is still brand new but not nearly so intimidating or alienating.
0.625 Judged strictly by the story line, this one plays like what it is, a rather meandering second act that advances the plot only slightly and doesn't pretend to be a complete or self-sufficient film.
0.75 At times, the action here seems a little too choreographed for its own good. But admittedly, that's a minor thing, considering how stunning some of it is.
0.75 A kinetic, digital feat.
0.8 MATRIX RELOADED is like a gorgeous but flawed woman. She looks great, and the sex is phenomenal, so you overlook the fact that a lot of what she says is just so much pretentious drivel.
0.75 One dazzling (if overlong) bridge.
0.7 The action is fun to watch but it doesn't get the old heart pumping which pretty much sums up The Matrix Reloaded.
0.6 The good news is that the excitement and special effects are amazing once again.
0.9 This sequel is not just reloaded, it is an entirely new arsenal.
0.7 Be prepared to feel let down whenever the action lets up.
0.875 It's safe to say that anyone buying a ticket to the film purely to see more crazy-cool, high-wire kung fu and learn how the Wachowskis and visual-effects supervisor John Gaeta top the 'bullet-time' effect will come away from Reloaded smiling.
0.625 Ultimately like a long theme park ride.
0.75 Everything The Matrix was and more. That is [its] strength and [its] failing.
0.625 Like the martial arts movies it draws on, Reloaded uses plot points as excuses to move from one piece of fight choreography to the next.
0.5 The Matrix Reloaded is no better or worse than its predecessor, improving upon certain aspects (the characters and action scenes) while lacking some of the stronger elements of the first film (the overall imagination and ingenuity).
1.0 We're in glorious new territory here.
0.875 The Wachowskis cleverly fiddle with their formula, pulling back each curtain only to show us another curtain.
0.75 Walks the line between "impossible to take seriously" and "impossibly, seriously fun"
0.7 This movie can be watched and appreciated on many levels - but the bottom line is the movie is really a hyper-realistic, 2 1/2 hour, 160 million dollar trailer for The Matrix Revolutions. That being said, it's a pretty darn cool trailer.
0.8 Sci-fi epic is broader, brisker and -- for better and for worse -- about what you'd expect from part two of a trilogy.
0.75 If there's one thing The Matrix Reloaded fortifies, it's that the Wachowski brothers are born filmmakers through and through.
1.0 If The Matrix is considered one of the best sci-fi movies ever made, then The Matrix Reloaded is a pretty damn excellent sequel to one of the best sci-fi movies ever made...and that's good enough for me.
0.5 Viewers are likely to be amazed by what occurs, but will then realize that they've witnessed style over substance.
0.75 This picture never accumulates the sense of shared adventure that the first one did, and though the special effects are even better than before, they cannot be new twice.
0.75 This is probably the film that devotees had hoped for, but it will certainly flummox bystanders sucked into the multiplex by the hype.
0.75 Once the action gets started - and unfortunately that takes a while - Reloaded is nearly as invigorating as the original.
1.0 "Matrix Reloaded" is a smart, exotic, erotic, intriguing action film; a superhero sci-fi film for adults.
0.75 Reloaded seems less tired than X2.
0.6 More comic book-like and less intriguing than the original, the film's punch-drunk cyber-mysticism still has a darkly seductive allure that sets it apart from juvenile, Star Wars-style space opera.
0.4 While it is both naive and unfair to expect lightning to strike terrain this fertile twice, the most distressing thing about the reloading of The Matrix is just how much it feels like The Phantom Menace.
0.75 The eye-popping special effects in The Matrix Reloaded -- possibly the coolest, boldest and most fluid ever put on screen -- should please even jaded moviegoers.
0.625 More special effects. More fight sequences. More chases. More stunts. More neo-philosophical babble. But more, in this case, adds up to less.
0.75 Reloaded piles on much more fighting and firepower but lacks the impact of the original.
0.75 Eyes will pop, nerves will jangle, thoughts will be provoked and other summer blockbusters will shrink in comparison. But to quote from one of the few cultural touchstones not referenced in this film: 'Houston, we've got a problem.'
0.75 By itself, The Matrix Reloaded is deeply flawed, but ultimately entertaining.
0.75 While I enjoyed it immensely, Reloaded didn't upgrade my system like the first one did.
0.6 Dark, with jaw-dropping effects, stunning action beats and a chase to end all chases, The Matrix Reloaded is a movie-going dare.
0.625 Much-anticipated sequel to The Matrix is both phenomenally talky and loaded with action and effects. How can this be? It's long.
0.7 The martial arts sequences are breathtakingly staged.
0.75 While it's exhilarating fun, as an overall piece of storytelling, this reboot never really hits the heights of the ultra-cool The Matrix, which re-invented the rules for sci-fi epics in 1999.
0.875 For sheer exhilarating spectacle, The Matrix Reloaded is the film to beat this year.
0.625 As a piece of razzle-dazzle, shut-your-mouth -and-slap -you-silly eye candy, Reloaded more than delivers. But where's the head candy? Where's the complexity? Where are the goods?
0.75 A pretty good amusement park ride.
0.75 On balance, The Matrix Reloaded does an admirable job of filling the niche it's supposed to -- that of an action-oriented science fiction adventure.
0.7 Une suite a mi-chemin entre deception et reussite.
0.75 Reloaded might not have the power to change the way you see the world, but it just may change the way you look at movies.
0.85 Everyone's expectations are through the roof for this one, and for the most part, it delivers.
0.7 Eye-popping sci-fi.
0.5 For such a rich visual movie, Reloaded tells far more than it shows.
0.875 In the immortal words of Neo: 'Woah.'
0.875 An immensely skillful sci-fi adventure.
0.75 The thrill isn't gone from the sequel, but the surprise is, and it hurts more than you'd think.
0.9 Visually slick, action-packed.
0.6 The Wachowski brothers likely wanted to provide their film with that greater 'meaning', but did they have to make great stretches of it boring as well?
0.7 A ping-pong battle between slowly-spoken philosophical mumbo-jumbo and some truly explosive action cinema.
0.875 If the level of great admirer falls somewhere under the blinding enthusiasm of the 'Wachowskis are visionaries' clan, then color me a member. But even the clinical system of the Matrix has some bugs to repair from time to time.
0.5 To label the film as a 'bad' movie would be too harsh. It's not a bad movie. 'Earth-Shattering disappointment of monumental proportions' more accurately fits the bill.
0.8 Either do it right and deepen an already rich storyline, or give in and make an unabashed action movie. Fortunately, even with its many flaws, The Matrix Reloaded succeeds admirably as the latter.
0.4 Simply not as satisfying as the original.
0.5 One incredibly cool...kung-fu melee; one jaw-dropping, 100-mph, against-traffic freeway chase; and way, way too much pseudo-philosophical yappity- yappity-yap.
0.7 The Matrix Reloaded may have it's problems, but it certainly isn't a bad film. It suffers from many of the same problems of other 'great' film sequels
0.75 There's virtually no one in Zion over the age of 30 except for esteemed character actor Anthony Zerbe, and he's so far past 30 he couldn't find his way back if 30 left a trail of Scotch Highballs.
0.7 It only takes about 45 seconds for it to grab you by the throat and slap you across the face.
0.8 A passionate, over-powered and mostly unfathomable upgrade of 1999's groundbreaking, breathtaking and equally cryptic original.
0.75 Be prepared for sensory overload when you enter the world of eccentric auteurs Andy and Larry Wachowski.
0.8 might be hard to swallow but it's so delicious you just can't help but want more. Not unlike one of those gobstoppers you can find in any candy store - Hard to chew, nice to endure, if you will.
0.6 The effects here are dazzling, there is no other word for it. . . but when it comes to serious food for thought, this is just an appetizer compared to the first film
0.8 The action knocks your socks off even when the movie itself is technically playing it safe.
0.625 So magnificently punch-drunk on its own sense of the messianic that it's possible to appreciate this great, sloppy, bloated beast as something of a masterpiece of high camp.
0.875 The Wachowski Brothers, with their vision of this mysterious future world and a new era of cinema, have kicked off 2003's blockbuster summer with a ten-megaton explosion.
0.875 The X-Men series is just candy for kids compared to The Matrix trilogy, a sci-fi series for grown-ups.
0.625 For those who go in knowing, at heart, it's just a Joel Silver-produced sci-fi film with some presumptions, it'll be fine.
0.9 Digital freedom from physical laws unleashes all manner of chase dynamics, exhilarating to the max... an action choreographer's dreamstate.
0.375 Philosophically inconsequential, but at least submit to the film's sure-to-be-classic highway sequence, cheesy techno music and all.
0.6 There's no doubt that the Wachowski Brothers have a vision, but where they once seemed inspired, now it feels like they're just showing off.
0.875 Whether you get 20% or 100% of the intellectualizing, & even if there's no sense in fighting software with military hardware & Kung Fu; it's simply a marvel to watch.
0.5 The action throughout Running Scared is involving and fast-paced enough that you don't notice the number of cliches being invoked in this film.
0.75 A well-acted piece that should appeal to anyone who enjoys the films of Quentin Tarantino and Robert Rodriguez.
0.75 An example of a film I recommend just because it tickled my undercarriage.
0.6 A montagem eficiente, com transicoes intrigantes, confere ritmo ao filme, que tambem se beneficia com a atuacao surpreendentemente intensa de Walker. Pena que o roteiro seja tao implausivel e o final, tao absurdamente ridiculo.
0.6 Stylish, rollicking post-Tarantino trash which does the business at such a pace you barely notice its preposterousness.
0.5 Ultimately, it is a serviceable, well-made thriller that earns its R rating.
0.0 This is a vile, violent film with no raison d'etre.
0.4 No one in their right minds could call this a good film, but it's certainly unique.
0.7 If you love over-stylized gunshots and action sequences, Running Scared is likely to be one big ol' kinetic romp of bloody fun that'll have you pulling out the Kleenex and appreciating all over the place.
0.2 We haven't even mentioned the hockey puck torture scene, or the relentless ricochetting camerawork, or the multiple last minute switcheroos -- it's got more endings than Lord Of The Rings.
0.4 If you've ever wanted to see Paul Walker get repeatedly smashed in the teeth with a hockey puck then this is the movie for you.
0.2 The film's moral compass swings wildly out of control, blanketed in all manner of hyper-violent digital gore effects and a thick, black nausea of the soul. It's not even fun watching the monsters get their just deserts; it's just depressing.
0.6 Where Running Scared is concerned I'm a victim who has decided, maybe unwisely, not to press charges.
0.5 Trying for a Tarantino-like riff on ultra-violence and over-the-top police corruption ... 'Running Scared' is a film noir on steroids.
0.375 The movie doesn't so much wallow in the abhorrent side of humanity as it showers, bathes, and dresses in it before heading off to work at MTV.
0.0 Run away ... Just when you think Hollywood can't get any worse in an era of Bad Boys and Scream, it constantly surprises you with even more putrid product.
0.4 Clumsily overwritten, straining badly to be a complex thriller but only generating small moments of believability.
0.8 Wildly stylized and endlessly inventive, Running Scared doesn't go over the top -- it blows the top off and proceeds to dance in the rubble.
0.375 If Running Scared is supposed to be a satire, it's not funny enough to work. If it's meant to be taken seriously, then it's the most unintentionally funny movie of the past ten years.
0.8 Not since 'Very Bad Things' have I had this much fun with this kind of movie
0.5 Running Scared is filled with plenty of blood-splattering violence, profanity, sexual perversions, and whatever other deviant behavior you can think of. What it doesn't have is any cohesiveness or finesse.
0.7 Running Scared doesn't always work. All the same, it keeps up a nice pacing and throws in enough clever twists to keep the story interesting.
0.875 The action movie is the cheese sandwich of film genres, but efforts like 'Running Scared' remind us all too rarely that they don't have to be Kraft Singles on Wonder Bread.
0.75 Hello, cheesy fun! [It's] a roller coaster of a thrill ride.
0.6 This film is so over the top at times that it takes one's breath away.
0.3 Running Scared keeps ratcheting up the intensity, but to what end?
0.5 Ethnic stereotyping, moral qualms and plot improbabilities aside, you just wish a movie like Running Scared wasn't so anxious to be exciting all the time: It gets so monotonous.
0.4 The only things more abundant than gunshot-riddled corpses are the ridiculous plot twists and the laughably bad lines of dialog...it's likely to be the most fun at a bad movie you'll have for a while.
0.25 There's clearly supposed to be tension between Joey's good and bad sides. Sure, he's a mobster, but he's also a family man, which makes him... gray. (Not black and white = very sophisticated.)
0.4 [Director Wayne] Kramer, who showed such promise as a filmmaker with The Cooler, takes a couple of giant steps backward with Running Scared.
0.375 In the opening minutes of Running Scared, a drug deal goes bad and takes the entire movie with it.
0.75 It's way too violent and perversely excessive for many tastes, but there's more to its outrages than meets the eye, and that second look is well worth taking.
0.25 There is a child at the center of this ultraviolent story, and the devices used to keep us on tenterhooks regarding his survival are appallingly manipulative.
1.0 Running Scared is for people who like movies, who don't need to have a movie mean something in order to enjoy it and who can delight at the sheer craft of a story designed only to shock, amuse and hold an audience.
0.625 For a moment, it appears as if Running Scared has developed into a different, better movie. But subsequent gratuitously violent scenes hint at a determination by Kramer to keep his film at low-grade exploitation level.
0.5 It's hard to believe that this mess was made by the same man who made The Cooler.
0.6 It's borderline irresponsible, a virtual horror movie of a gangster thriller.
0.375 Kramer seems to be aping Quentin Tarantino's brilliant tangents in Pulp Fiction, but he doesn't have Tarantino's imagination or gift for dialogue.
0.375 This overlong fantasy of urban violence is so far over the top -- you might as well be watching a computer monitor while somebody else has a high time playing the video game Grand Theft Auto.
0.75 Running Scared is a vicious and brutal B-movie jacked up to hysterical, hallucinatory proportions -- a pulpy, violent action picture that torments the viewer as much as its characters, and I mean that as a compliment.
0.0 With a herky-jerky visual style and a plot riddled with bullet holes, Running Scared is a brutal, misanthropic and downright nasty excuse for bang-bang entertainment.
0.3 As the movie becomes more howlingly ludicrous by the second, it's tempting -- and not in a cynical way, either -- to start reading it as a parody of pornographic video game violence.
0.0 Kramer's grating bombast exists only to call attention to itself as well as the complete absence of any moral implications or recognizable human behavior in the film.
0.7 The script is so stupid that at times you'll want to roll your eyes in the dark; you won't, though, because you might miss some of the action.
0.375 But even beyond its sleazy pandering and sensationalism, the film's worst transgression is its exploitation of young children.
0.0 ...an abhorrently exploitative exercise in child endangerment.
0.25 You could laugh off the film's more over-the-top aspects -- including the performances and its quasi-Quentin Tarantino dialogue -- if it didn't treat women and children with such brutality and contempt.
0.25 Running Scared is about as hard an "R" rating as you can get, with buckets of blood, full- frontal nudity and swearing that would peel gum from the sidewalk.
0.625 Running Scared will be reviled by those who deplore violence and adored by those who like their movies brutally edgy.
0.0 Running Scared will probably play best in prisons, where lowlifes, applauding the heroic amounts of foul language and blood, will be heartened to know that society has finally stooped to their level.
0.25 A depressing piece of gun-crazy Hollywood scuzz that, with its gassy style and runaway immorality, makes a Tony Scott movie look like a Robert Bresson picture.
0.375 Too bloated with its own seriousness to achieve the 'so sick, it's funny' vibe of Kiss Kiss Bang Bang.
0.55 Includes scenes that are laughable [gunfight in a 10x10 room] and one that features Vera Farmiga that will go down in history as a classic/fan favorite.
0.75 For a picture so fetishistically obsessed with death, Running Scared is vibrantly alive.
0.5 Impossible to adequately summarize, alienating at every tonal turn, off the rails with every storytelling and aesthetic choice, Running Scared is ambitious to a fault.
0.7 Running Scared is an overly ambitious guilty pleasure with enough action and violence to keep you interested, it just doesn't have much else.
0.375 This is a movie with yards and yards of plot, but none of it that makes much sense nor that you'll think about afterwards. Instead what you'll remember is the blood.
0.88 Running Scared doesn't go over the top - it refuses to even acknowledge that there is a top.. it's like if Tarantino directed The Warriors
0.375 Tthe gimmicks can't hold up a weak, implausible plot that substitutes violence and gore for a smart story and believable characters.
0.7 I see Running Scared as a slick, sick, and sly satire of all the action flick conventions, but maybe I'm just nuts.
0.625 I can't believe I am saying this, but Paul Walker doesn't stink in Running Scared. In fact, Running Scared is a decent guys night out movie.
0.0 A vile disaster.
0.625 Kramer stokes kinetic energy and hard-R intensity...may amount to no more than a punch to the gut, but...it's all in bad fun.
0.5 Could have been a good exploitation flick if it didn't get carried away with piling on the plot twists.
0.6 genuinely clunky
0.375 A potential howler done in by a tendency to wear too much body tissue on its sleeve.
0.5 In the gleefully violent Running Scared, the writer and director Wayne Kramer tries to go over the rainbow and put a self-consciously bloody spin on once upon a time.
0.75 With a complex plot that unspools with surprising clarity, Running Scared displays a reckless intensity.
0.75 Running Scared goes so far over the top, it circumnavigates the top and doubles back on itself; it's the Mobius Strip of over-the-topness. I am in awe.
0.75 If Running Scared sometimes looks like a storyboard sprung violently to life, Kramer's assured direction turns that into its greatest strength in the clinches, of which there are plenty.
0.5 It's like a gruesome merry-go-round filled with unpleasant characters and bad acting.
0.75 Luciano Pavarotti's eyebrows during the Olympic opening ceremonies were disturbing. Multiply that by about 1,000, and you have the creep-out factor in the gory Running Scared.
0.5 If it's possible to admire his movie's heedless energy, it's also possible to hate its guts.
0.25 This is the kind of movie where character development consists of a guy mentioning in passing he has a meth lab in his back yard.
0.5 If Running Scared were set in Hell (the actual place, rather than a figure of speech), perhaps it would have been easier to swallow.
0.75 A spinning-plates movie that only makes a shattered-glass mess in its finale with one twist for each character left standing. Otherwise, this empty-calorie eye-candy cartoon is an ultraviolent, boot-on-throat thiller with style and humor.
0.25 The aesthetically derivative Kramer takes a misguided turn into Tony Scott territory with his latest.
0.625 A kinetic guilty pleasure.
0.5 The movie creates a mood, builds some tension, then it totally fizzles out. The performances are inconsistent - they never reach the level of desperation you would expect.
0.3 comes with all the silliness and sugar-coated pop fanaticism that is found in Rodriguez's lesser kids films
0.2 No matter how many dimensions you slap on the poster, there's no accounting for lazy workmanship. Can Robert Rodriguez please make Sin City 2 now?
0.75 Clever and strange, 'Spy Kids: All the Time in the World in 4D' is a psychedelic action movie that will boggle and entertain the minds of adults and kids alike. If you like wordplay, you will like it all the more for the witty dialogue.
0.625 Rodriguez reboots his eight-years-dormant franchise, with surprisingly entertaining and loosey-goosey results
0.25 A concatenation of scatological humor likely to keep only tiny tykes in stitches and howling away at a poop and fart jokes.
0.4 ...fairly routine fare, even for kids, and aside from cool gadgets it's just a bit dull.
0.2 Don't take your kids to see this. I never thought I would say this, but take them to see The Smurfs instead. It's a smurfload better than this pile of smurf.
0.4 Now then, what of the movie? Well, it stands a better chance of getting up your nose than crummy old AromaScope, that's for sure.
0.6 ... a shiny, complicated toy that's silly and doesn't really do anything, but is fun to play with.
0.375 The presence of Antonio Banderas and Carla Gugino is sorely missed. Then again, more power to them for staying away from a movie that would smell in any dimension.
0.6 In Spy Kids 4, women are warriors and men freely cry about their fathers, and it's this inversion that made me love the movie a little bit extra.
0.2 A 3D film aimed mostly at children.
0.4 Kids will be mildly amused by it.
0.2 The mind boggles before being lulled into a stupor of inanition by this latest instalment of Robert Rodriguez's increasingly cheap-looking franchise.
0.4 Rodriguez directs the movie with his trademark kineticism, but a flimsy and uninventive script means there's little investment in the characters or their actions.
0.375 A daft plot seemingly jacked from the most brainless of Saturday morning cartoons.
0.2 Rodriguez's family franchise about underage secret agents limps into its fourth installment with shiny CGI and frequent fart jokes to hold the attention spans of the underage and undemanding.
0.4 Kids might enjoy the cheesy jokes, the shiny gadgets and the pooping dog but for adults it is snooze time all the way.
0.375 Rodriguez's various family-geared movies - notably the "Spy Kids'' series - have been annoying creative clunkers, the one area where doing things his way has seemed like an iffy way.
0.2 An endless series of scatological jokes saps the charm out of nearly every scene, and there's little effort to create an interesting mystery at the movie's center.
0.625 A pleasant time-waster kids will love with a pro-family togetherness message parents can appreciate...
0.5 This fourth "Spy Kids" picture isn't so much bad as it is just boring, lacking the buzz and brio of even some of the earlier entries in the series.
0.5 The rhythm is off, a predicament Rodriguez addresses with copious - nearly constant - excrement and evacuation humor, and sudden turns into wide-eyed sincerity.
0.2 Feels more like straight-to-DVD filler than a chapter in one of the last decade's most entertaining and sophisticated family-film franchises.
0.4 Feels more like a cheap kids' TV series than an actual movie.
0.6 Watchable, gadget-happy children's adventure that scrapes a pass thanks to likeable characters, pacey direction, some decent gags and Jessica Alba in a leather catsuit...
0.625 So plain-faced and literal-minded in its juvenile pandering that it's hard to dismiss it as a mere cash-in.
0.2 Positive messages can't save worst film in action series.
0.375 Rodriguez only needs the script to take us from one gimmick to the next, and his lack of attention to it shows.
0.2 a miserable excuse for underling entertainment
0.5 It simply entertains at a basic level without leaving a lasting impression.
0.6 Far more coherent than its immediate predecessor, Spy Kids: All the Time in the World in 4D benefits greatly from its two likable young leads and some of the series' wittiest, pun-filled writing.
0.4 Robert Rodriquez delivers another irritating Spy Kids movie, Spy Kids: All The Time In The World in 4D, with the redundant gimmick of scratch and sniff cards, designed to reveal on-screen aromas. Well, I didn't smell turkey. In fact, I smelt nothing.
0.4 Rodriguez' first film was the celebrated low-budget El Mariachi. This one, a chaotic mess from start to finish, must be something like his nadir.
0.625 Let's make things clear right now: Spy Kids: All the Time in the World is juvenile, rough around the edges, and frequently clumsy. And yet...and yet...the film is so likably innocuous and unsuspectingly wise that it works better than it should.
0.4 A kids' flick that's big on eye candy but which has a plot even youngsters will find wearingly familiar.
0.2 Sadly it's all fart jokes and smart-alec preteens - the stuff that can make taking kids to the pictures a chore.
0.2 Robert Rodriguez's children's films are becoming terrific reasons to get sterilised.
0.2 Spy Kids - All the Time in the World is in four dimensions - the extra one being smell - and I hated the lot.
0.4 This is a shoddy affair with anodyne first-timers Blanchard and Cook almost as annoying as Ricky Gervais's phoned-in voiceover of an animatronic terrier with a poop obsession.
0.4 A passable shake-up, even if its 'Aroma-scope' experiment stinks. Like Ricky Gervais, the Spy Kids franchise could drone on - sorry, go on - forever.
0.2 Only Madsen walks away from Break with his reputation unscathed, and this is if only because he's already something of a B-movie kingpin.
0.4 Break contains all the elements you'd expect from a hard-boiled Quentin Tarantino knockoff: the complicated hit men, the fetishes, the blood baths, not to mention the presence of Michael Madsen and David Carradine.
0.8 All is Lost is outstanding and so the collaboration between Redford and writer/director J.C Chandor.
0.875 Frank G. DeMarco and Peter Zuccarini, dual cinematographers, gather gorgeous imagery especially those captured from beneath the ocean's surface.
0.75 A commanding performance by Robert Redford with nary a word spoken. It makes up for the somewhat tedious running time.
1.0 Superb, a brilliantly conceived, first-person masterpiece, totally immersive and compelling from first frame to last. It's easily one of the best survival films ever made, even with Gravity dominating everybody's praise.
1.0 O rosto envelhecido, marcado e expressivo (e ainda belo) de Redford comunica uma infinidade de ideias e sentimentos com o minimo esforco.
0.8 This film makes an excellent case that sometimes less can be so much more.
0.8 A subtle meditation on mind, body and spirit that's imbued with an aching amount of futility and loneliness
0.79 The low tech nature of All is Lost accentuates the primal (physical) nature of this struggle, while the technical prowess of Gravity emphasizes its more metaphysical (and less interesting) nature
0.8 All is Lost makes the familiar strikingly new. The filmmaker and his star hold their nerve, refusing easy outs and making you look - and listen - carefully to a starkly pure piece of cinema.
0.9 It's a rare example of pure cinema, and that, in itself, gives it a stature to which few Hollywood films these days aspire.
0.8 Chandor has produced a minimalist gem.
1.0 'Captain Phillips' wasn't the only see-worthy vessel of 2013.
0.8 We (and he) know he's screwed. The tension comes from establishing just how badly.
0.5 Chandor clearly wanted to make something powerful and engrossing, but due to the simplistic nature of the film, what he ended up with was something dull and forgettable.
0.7 The most remarkable feat in J.C. Chandor's stranded-in-the-sea survival story All Is Lost is star Robert Redford's ability to shave on open water.
0.75 The Old Man IN the Sea!
0.9 (Redford) is quite effective in the film's slower moments, while thoroughly rattled when reacting to the elements.
0.5 So threadbare that there's nothing to grasp onto to care about.
0.8 Gravity's great weakness was the unnecessarily abundant corny dialogue. All Is Lost is makes no such compromises.
0.875 As the film goes on, we see Redford in a new light. A light dimmer and paler and murkier. Once a golden god on screen, there now remains a hobbled everyman.
0.8 Who is this sailor? Where does he come from? Chandor never sees fit to tell us. His hero remains a deliberate stencil, defined solely by the crisis around him and the actions he takes.
1.0 the film generates a wonderful sense of claustrophobia on the open sea. Imagine a movie with the lyrical beauty of a Terrence Malick project crossed with the virtuosity of Tom Hanks in Cast Away.
0.6 Technically, this is a hugely impressive film but it still left me feeling a little underwhelmed.
0.8 [Redford] speaks barely a handful of lines in All Is Lost, but the film still manages to feel like an internal monologue, a conversation between one man and himself.
0.8 The utter solitude is almost vertiginous.
1.0 Chandor's movie gives us the Hemingwayish essentials and then some.
0.6 There's something powerful lurking in the deep.
0.8 Impressively paced and superbly shot, this is a powerful and ultimately terrifying drama with stunning sound design work and an Oscar-worthy performance from Robert Redford.
0.8 At a time when filmmakers are desperately throwing everything at the screen and seeing what sticks, it's refreshing to see a film like All Is Lost come along and turn the more-is-more formula on its head.
0.7 This beautifully-directed drama succeeds to a certain experimental extent but drags on for a bit too long.
0.5 If you are a big Robert Redford fan you should eat this movie up since he is the only person in the movie. The downside, he is the only person in the movie.
0.8 With no 3D, no friends and no hope, Redford and Chandor show how survivalist instincts can stoke thrilling, thoughtful cinema.
0.7 After the award-winning Margin Call, writer-director J.C. Chandor shifts gears completely for this fiercely detailed one-man survival drama.
1.0 [Redford] gives a commanding performance as the nameless protagonist that makes the complete lack of characterisation an irrelevance.
0.6 All Is Lost is very pure film-making, set entirely on the water, without dialogue, just showing us the man's fight to survive from moment to moment.
0.5 the Cliffs Notes version of the deeper, more profound character study that never transpires on-screen
1.0 It's the detail and precision of his storytelling style that makes All Is Lost so engrossing.
0.8 It's not as tense as Gravity, but just as suspenseful, and almost as exhilarating.
0.8 Stylistically it's a serious about-face from director J. C. Chandor, whose excellent debut feature Margin Call was stuffed with actors as Wall Street types talking a mile a minute.
1.0 A triumph of pure cinema and wonderful visual storytelling from Chandor, who must now be considered the real deal, while Redford is sublime in what could well be the performance of his career.
1.0 All is Lost is superior craftsmanship on the part of the filmmaker and his star, making a late-in-life "coming of age" story that transitions into a man's twilight and burns bright.
0.85 All Is Lost boils down the art of filmmaking to the essential parts, making even the slightest decisions evident and powerful.
0.7 As written and directed by young American filmmaker J.C. Chandor, All is Lost is a classic case of man-against-nature.
0.5 Even Redford bailing water for 106 minutes can be a bit much.
1.0 The movie has the feel of a beautifully conceived and elegantly composed short story with a remarkable and consistently surprising degree of emotional resonance.
0.75 if the film maintains our attention, it is simply because we connect with the base desire to survive, which embodied by someone like Robert Redford becomes all the more gripping
0.8 [Redford] barely utters a word and yet manages to give one of the finest performances of his long career.
0.8 a film of action and suspense with no guns and no villains but the sea and an inevitable death.
0.75 The key ingredient to the film's success is Redford's vulnerability. He's trying so desperately to stay alive that he has few moments for reflection, but they register - and all without the aid of dialogue.
0.875 The movie pares its man-vs.-the elements, man-vs.-himself theme to the barest bones, yet it's timely as well as timeless, as Chandor acknowledges the coldness of the corporate as well as natural environment.
0.75 Redford's now leathery exterior is in such contrast to his once striking youthful good looks yet there is still beauty in that well worn face.&#8233;
0.8 A spectacular, galvanizing display of how this one-time Hollywood "golden boy," now 77, can still commandeer the screen.
0.8 Even 'The Old Man and the Sea' had more meat on it. That, of course, is a huge compliment.
0.8 Robert's Redford has two-lines in the whole movie but his acting is still incredible. The movie isn't.
0.625 The vacuum-sealed status of this man admittedly places some distance between him and viewers, although the presence of Redford in the role goes a long way toward closing the gap.
0.7 Even if it's not the greatest movie of the year, All Is Lost is certainly one of the most unique movies of the year.
0.8 Five minutes alone with him in All Is Lost will make you feel like a chump for ever suspecting [Redford] was done for. The charisma never went away; it's only aged into a very fine vintage, indeed.
1.0 A gripping exercise in visual storytelling.
0.8 You would think a movie packed with scenes like "Redford repairs a hole in a boat," "Redford inventories supplies" and "Redford eats some beans out of a can" would make for tedious viewing, and yet I was transfixed.
0.7 Redford does a fantastic job of conveying every nuance of emotion in his character with just a look or a gesture.
0.875 J.C. Chandor wrote and directed "All Is Lost," but Robert Redford owns it.
0.875 An Amazing Minimalist Turn from Redford.
1.0 "All is Lost" is disciplined, elemental filmmaking built around a disciplined, elemental performance, and it's one of the best films of the year.
0.75 We get the predictable plot points - storms, sharks, close calls with passing ships - but it feels like a uniquely handmade artifact.
0.5 All is Lost is a testament to a great actor, an experimental piece of cinema and a bit of a bore.
0.8 It's just humanity at its most basic.
0.8 A surprisingly successful stunt. How successful it is will vary from viewer to viewer.
0.75 Redford sails alone, but no man is an island
1.0 A gripping one-man show
1.0 ... a bracing nautical adventure. Think 'Old Man and the Sea' by way of 'The Perfect Storm' ... Redford in a revelatory performance, maybe his best ever.
0.75 An impressively audacious effort...
0.5 A noble-minded, but only partly successful film - one that will probably be a riveting moviegoing experience for some, but an unsatisfying trip across the ocean for others.
0.8 As a rugged yet wise exploration of manhood and mortality, All Is Lost gives great Hemingway.
0.875 All Is Lost is very much Redford's triumph. His turn isn't pure disappearance so much as a brilliantly human example of cresting and plummeting, cresting and plummeting.
1.0 The acting is note-perfect, a career performance from a man who has been in the business for more than 50 years.
0.75 The movie is rigorous, serious and well-crafted, with Redford holding the screen using only his economical emotional reactions and physical presence.
0.875 For all its formal austerity, All Is Lost also offers itself as a widescreen multiplex attraction, keeping all eyes glued on Our Man's dilemma, and every mind wondering if he'll manage to cheat death.
0.2 Too Adrift
0.5 Jostling around on the same flat level, spurts of interest coming but few and far between, "All Is Lost" should send one away with a dropped, unsettled stomach. Instead, it doesn't elicit much more than a shrug.
1.0 Redford could win first Best Actor Oscar of his great career.
0.75 All is Lost is about how human nature rebels against death, even when all hope is vanquished by adverse circumstances.
0.8 This is a beautiful portrayal of not just the human spirit, but what our meager species goes through just to keep drawing breath.
0.875 Chandor and Redford make every moment matter in this fascinating film (despite an ending that will divide audiences).
0.7 The real victory in All Is Lost is how much Chandor is able to communicate about the human spirit with so few strokes.
0.75 Even at the age of 77, Redford can command a screen, and he's the main reason to watch this man-against-nature story.
0.875 Both a thrilling adventure and a subtle character portrait, "All Is Lost" is the best Redford movie since his brilliant "All the President's Men" 37 years ago.
1.0 Redford brings the watchfulness that has served him so well to every moment of "All Is Lost," infusing what is already a perfectly entertaining adventure with rich veins of symbolism and meta-meaning.
0.6 Although you may never be bored with "All Is Lost," you are rarely fully engaged.
0.75 Redford isn't precisely stretching his range as an actor here or revealing a new side to us. Rather, he's finding the cleanest, clearest way to express a quiet man's wiles and resources.
0.875 All is Lost does not move at a brisk clip, or a tedious drag. Chandor knows exactly the proper speed of each scene and carries it out with Pete Beaudreau's editing in appropriate sync.
0.91 The human drive to survive is what fuels this story of resilience and perseverance.
0.8 A showcase for Robert Redford like he hasn't had in years and further proof that the writer/director of "Margin Call" is one to watch.
0.8 Burning with a young man's vigor and stripped bare of every ounce of celebrity, Redford commands the screen and drags us into the watery ordeal with him.
1.0 A nearly perfect thing: Economic, elegant, and elemental, it's a cleanly observed tale of one man trying, choice by choice, to keep the odds going in his favor.
0.75 An ocean of metaphor.
0.875 As a "man vs. wild" adventure in the Jack London mode...All is Lost has plenty of fearsome moments, but the deeper fears are existential: man in mortal contention with an indifferent universe.
0.875 In lesser hands, his character's ordeal might have been portrayed with big punctuation marks and dramatic flourishes. Redford's reactions are honest, in tune with a man of the sea.
0.4 When did Robert Redford turn into the male Sandra Bullock?
0.7 I ultimately admired it more as a high degree-of-difficulty achievement than as a film
1.0 Robert Redford gives the performance of his life in this one man show brilliantly directed by J.C.Chandor. It's a towering achievement for both of them.
0.875 This steadily absorbing man-adrift-on-a-damaged-sailboat saga has possibly the three most suspenseful sequences of the year.
0.6 It seems more determined to impress than to entertain. However, it succeeds wildly on the first count, which may make it worth seeing for many adventurous teens and parents.
0.75 Redford's voice might be largely silent, but the soul is there and the magnitude of all that is lost hits home.
1.0 Here is a formidable opus whose real spiritual relative is Tennyson's "Ulysses". Yes. "All is Lost" is that good.
0.7 ...a surprisingly unsparing and rigorous piece of work, tinged with an unsentimental fatalism.
0.75 A gripping experience ... with its circling sharks, its sun-dappled beauty and its agonies of shattered hope.
0.875 A fascinating voyage across a vast ocean, and into the great uncharted waters of our selves.
0.935 Palpably suspenseful, engrossing, bold and intelligent. It's a new American classic that will be remembered for many years to come. Robert Redford delivers a tour de force performance.
0.9 It would be one thing if All is Lost merely pulled you in with a firm grip and true skill; what's even more impressive is what it says to you once it has you in its grasp.
0.8 "All Is Lost," which is only Chandor's second film, reveals itself as remarkably skillful, surprisingly insightful and deeply moving.
0.875 Chandor proves that the elements, combined with the varied and subtle talents of a veteran actor, are all that is needed to make a captivating, nail-biting thriller.
1.0 An action movie in the most profound and exalted sense of the term ...
0.8 Redford reconfirms his legend without resorting to movie myth
1.0 It's just a guy. On a boat. For 107 minutes. And every one of those minutes is riveting.
1.0 There is incredible tension in this ordeal, this effort to survive, to find rescue, and Redford - an icon of the American film experience for more than half a century now - makes that tension deeply palpable.
0.875 Redford, who can play intelligence, wit and nuance to a camera like nobody's business, holds us in his grip. It's a master class in acting.
0.9 The approach results in one scene of heart-in-throat action after another, with Chandor's immersive approach shoring up Redford's remarkable, understated performance.
1.0 Goodness knows what this movie would be like without the brute force of Mr. Redford's intelligence, focus and self-confidence.
0.875 Redford's finest hour.
0.7 Stranded and alone as he battles the stormy sea and his mortality, Robert Redford delivers a commanding lead performance in All Is Lost, a nearly wordless but captivating drama from J.C. Chandor.
1.0 It's the salvation of the moviegoing year.
0.9 It's nothing new to watch an impressive survival story onscreen, but rare to see it done this well.
0.8 Redford gives the kind of career-capping performance many of his contemporaries could only dream of.
0.9 A mesmerizing, compelling and deeply profound high-seas adventure in which Robert Redford gives one of the most fulfilling and rewarding performances of his career.
0.8 Robert Redford will get a Best Actor Oscar nomination for this awesome, extraordinary adventure on an unforgiving sea.
0.6 A visually striking man versus nature story about enduring when the elements are conspiring against you.
1.0 An immersive drama about being resilient and facing the fear we all have of dying alone; one of the Best Films of 2013.
0.625 J.C. Chandor creates an austere snapshot of human struggle, ingenuity, and perseverance, one that's predicated on Robert Redford's fantastic performance.
0.8 All Is Lost is a movie that is understated, yet still manages to play out on a staggeringly huge canvas; the personal and the universal one and the same.
0.8 For the most part The Immigrant is works in an incredibly satisfying and affecting manner.
0.6 The film's scope is limited, but as far as it goes, All Is Lost is very good indeed: a neat idea, very nimbly executed.
0.478947368421 From bow to stern Chandor delivers pure cinema
0.6 Redford delivers a tour de force performance: holding the screen effortlessly with no acting support whatsoever.
0.5 A grim and rather relentless analogy for the slow march towards death: every bad thing can and does happen, with almost comical inevitability, and by the hour mark, you find yourself begging for a shark attack that might put poor Red out of his misery.
0.625 THE SPY WHO LOVED ME is not as good as I remembered it. All of its chases and action were much better in my memories. In reality, they're a bit lackluster.
0.9 In a tremendous film that shows Moore's Bond still has the old razzle-dazzle, "Nobody Does It Better" isn't just a theme song. It's a forceful and fun statement of purpose, and "Spy" offers the franchise the definitive jolt it so sorely needed.
0.8 The best combination of japery and seriousness, without descending into the clowning that would be a part of all but one of Moore's subsequent adventures [as Bond].
0.6 1977's 007 still gettin' lucky in underwater lair.
0.8 It may not be Fleming but it is terrific fun.
0.5 As the Bond series moved deeper into the 1970s, the emphasis moved away from the inventive scripts that made the best Sean Connery films fine examples of the spy genre and toward the kind of feats of daring and visual spectacle.
0.8 007 lives in the best of the Moore Bonds ...
0.7 This is near-camp and its success sent a strong message to its producers about what audiences wanted to see: Bigger, bolder, louder, sexier.
0.8 One of the better Moore outings.
0.8 It's Bond with Roger Moore, and this is one of the best of his.
0.5 The film moves along at a serviceable clip, but it seems half an hour too long.
0.6 Not the best Bond, but not the worst either.
1.0 One of the best of the Moore Bonds, this is non-stop, gloriously excessive entertainment.
1.0 Not only Roger Moore's best, but one of the few Bond films that can stand apart from the series as a superb action movie.
0.875 The best Bond movie of the Moore era
0.8 With its comic edge, this is one of the better Bonds.
0.8 The best of the Roger Moore Bond films has much to praise.
0.6 The Bond series begins a downhill slide into camp with this one.
0.8 Un clasico, con espias hermosas, persecuciones submarinas, y el toque de Bond.
0.8 From the adrenaline-inducing pre-credits ski chase to the gun battle as the crew of two submarines attempt to take a hollowed-out supertanker from an army of bad guys, the action sequences soar.
0.73 Roger Moore may not be the toughest of the Bonds, and he may not be the wittiest, but he is the smoothest.
0.75 Is there no end to Bond's skills?
0.8 ...pulled Roger Moore from the shadow of his predecessor and established him as a bone fide Bond.
0.8 One of the best Bonds ever made.
0.875 Of Roger Moore's seven James Bond pictures, The Spy Who Loved Me stands out as the best.
0.4 The prognosis is not good
0.8 Suspenseful entertainment -- but it's also a suitably chilling cautionary tale.
0.25 ...pure lunacy...
0.6 an allegorical commentary (from a non-American director) on the United States, all lost at sea and at odds with itself now that it is under the steerage of an incompetent and deceitful helmsman.
0.4 lot like, well, treading water
0.4 Adrift becomes exactly the sort of DTV sequel we so very often ignore.
0.4 Adrift has its moments but it's a frustrating film in many ways and doesn't really work as a thriller unless you're a confirmed hydrophobic. If people meeting unfortunate watery ends is your thing then rent Open Water instead.
0.75 ...genuinely tense...
0.4 This routine video-game spinoff borrows heavily from James Cameron action flicks and George Romero zombie epics but doesn't do much else.
0.7 This adaptation captures the spirit of the video games and with its fun, anything can happen mindset and tons of over the top violence, 'Resident Evil' proves there may be a future for video game movies yet.
0.4 An ultra-gory video game-to-movie disappointment.
0.5 The overblown action and cheapo effects become as relentless as the undead.
0.6 This video-game-to-celluloid adaptation has a clammy, nightmarish glaze and tightly coiled sense of tension.
0.5 here are times when RESIDENT EVIL looks unfinished or below its potential
0.0 So bad it can't even steal effectively from good movies that came before.
0.625 ... The Night of the Living Dead for the 21st century.
0.75 In the category of zombie movies, this is top shelf.
0.6 Don't expect Aliens but don't resign yourself to Ghosts of Mars either.
0.2 Barbequed Doggie Zombies. If your heart just skipped a beat and you find yourself atingle with anticipation, then I wish you good luck and Godspeed and there's no need for you to read further
0.4 Game fans will be disappointed. Zombie fans will be disappointed. Paul Anderson's fan will be disappointed.
0.8 The only real "cerebral" activity that should take place in a zombie movie is the consumption of brains by the heretofore mentioned zombies themselves.
0.3 ...The latest proof that trying to adapt a film from a video game is a bad idea.
0.75 Milla Jovovich and Michelle Rodriguez kick zombie butt in this faithful, action-packed adaptation of the popular survival horror video game.
0.5 I'll bet the video game is a lot more fun than the film.
0.4 Disappointing horror flick, with only the Zombie Dogs and Jovovich's skimpy zombie-busting attire to recommend it.
0.7 It was fun and I got what I wanted ? that seems to happen less and less these days in the cinema, we should take all we can get.
0.875 It works well enough, since the thrills pop up frequently, and the dispatching of the cast is as often imaginative as it is gory.
0.125 So lifeless, pointless and dank that it manages the amazing feat of making the undead seem boring.
0.625 On its own terms, Resident Evil updates the zombie genre with an anti-corporate message while still scaring its audience and providing heart-pounding action.
0.5 Certainly not a good movie, but it wasn't horrible either.
0.5 When the dead come back to life and start chewing on the living it all comes flooding back. These heroes should have remembered "Dawn of the Dead"
0.6 Anderson ... has enough sense not to let the pace flag for a second, filling the screen with ravenous flesh-eaters, explosions and special effects.
0.8 Resident Evil es un videogame llevado a la pantalla y que pese a lo que digan, es la adaptacion mas fiel que se haya realizado en este rubro.
0.8 Resident Evil is a rabid zombie thriller that splatters on the screen with gruesome joy. Intense, loud and fast-paced, this is the best video game-turned-movie ever.
0.4 One of the better shoot 'em up games in computing history comes to the big screen in a way that is not only near unrecognisable, but also one of the most disappointing adaptations of a game ever.
0.25 A dumb, mean-spirited movie based on a dumb, mean-spirited video game.
0.2 Loud, grisly, action-packed and profoundly un-scary.
0.25 A zombie movie in every sense of the word--mindless, lifeless, meandering, loud, painful, obnoxious.
0.2 [There's] nothing scary here except for some awful acting and lame special effects.
0.75 ... the current culmination of everything (Paul Anderson's) done to date... the results are pure cinematic fun.
0.375 The inherent limitations of using a video game as the source material movie are once again made all too clear in this schlocky horror/action hybrid.
0.2 The credits list the film as being "written and directed" by Paul W.S. Anderson. "Programmed by" would be a more accurate credit.
0.375 Just think that you could have sacrificed ten quarters to play Resident Evil the video game instead of coughing up ten bucks to witness the monotonous Resident Evil the movie.
0.5 I firmly believe that a good video game movie is going to show up soon. I also believe that Resident Evil is not it.
0.375 essentially a futuristic Night of the Living Dead without the social commentary, pacing, or interesting characters
0.375 I feel qualified to report that the game itself is more exciting and, just as important, much cheaper to sample.
0.5 Is this the future of horror or just some bizarre fluke? Don't ask me, I'm having too much fun to care.
0.6 Quasi-evil - to quote Dr. Evil
0.8 Just a good old fashioned time at the cinema, but check your brain at the door.
0.4 Devolves into the derivative, leaning on badly-rendered CGI effects.
0.1 I would say that chaos ensues, but it started the minute the opening credits started to roll, so 'ensuing' is not very helpful. Chaos reigns.
0.375 ...nothing more than an endless festival of blood and gore, masquerading under the guise of a gritty modern science fiction fable.
0.5 An already thin story boils down to surviving invaders seeking an existent anti-virus. If only there were one for this kind of movie.
0.4 While the Resident Evil games may have set new standards for thrills, suspense, and gore for video games, the movie really only succeeds in the third of these.
0.25 Director Paul W.S. Anderson's cinematic style can be summed up in two words: 'ooh' and 'ick.'
0.25 Dumbed-down, lowest-common-denominator filmmaker with...no scares to be had.
0.5 Its characters are thinner than cardboard -- or even comic-book paper.
0.75 Resident Evil is not a cautionary tale about scientific experiments gone awry; clearly, it's meant to be a blood-spattered, shoot 'em up, slice 'em and dice 'em, horror sci-fi popcorn flick to the nth degree.
0.3 It all looks and plays like a $40 million version of a game you're more likely to enjoy on a computer.
0.25 A derivative collection of horror and sci-fi cliches.
0.625 It's spooky, suspenseful and jump-out-of-your-seat scary.
0.75 The best video-game-based movie so far.
0.25 The only noticeable Resident Evil on display here is the lack of creativity in the minds of the filmmakers.
0.75 The action in Resident Evil is like watching demons from the repressed unconscious break loose and attack the ego.
0.6 If anyone could do justice to the hugely popular Resident Evil series ... it's Anderson.
0.5 Movies based on video games are shallow, obvious and one-dimensional.
0.5 Delivers a knockout punch for teens and/or game fans but may repulse or bore everybody else.
0.375 Began life as a computer game, then morphed into a movie -- a bad one, of course.
0.5 Never having played it, all I saw on screen were a lot of ideas stolen from Aliens, 2001: A Space Odyssey, Alice in Wonderland, The Matrix and George Romero's Living Dead movies.
0.5 Fans of the game and the genre will be disappointed with the lack of gore ... and everyone else will find what plot there is confusing and boring.
0.25 The movie is Dawn of the Dead crossed with John Carpenter's Ghosts of Mars, with zombies not as ghoulish as the first and trains not as big as the second.
0.25 A video game cum movie that substitutes shrieking decibel levels for a coherent plot and any resemblance to originality.
0.6 Finally, a sit-on-the-edge-of-your-seat thriller that, though slightly by the numbers, made you jump on more than one occasion.
0.25 The most depressing thing about Resident Evil -- and there are many, trust me -- is seeing the promising star of Girlfight reduced to a direct-to-video movie cliche.
0.25 Anderson apparently doesn't understand how to scare an audience.
0.25 Resident Evil isn't a product of its cinematic predecessors so much as an MTV, sugar hysteria, and PlayStation cocktail.
0.4 Handsome and sometimes creepy, but formulaic in the extreme.
0.3 All Ms. Jovovich, as the sanctified heroine, has to do is look radiant, grimly purposeful and mildly alarmed while forcing open doors, wielding wrenches and fleeing monsters.
0.25 Even in the dubious genre of movies based on video games, Resident Evil is an abomination.
0.125 Resident Evil is what comes from taking John Carpenter's Ghosts of Mars and eliminating the beheadings. In other words, about as bad a film you're likely to see all year.
0.75 It delivers action, comedy and intensity charged with jolts of terrifying scary fun.
0.5 This is an arcade game, designed to deliver thrills and chills. This is does.
0.2 What will, most likely, turn out to be the most repellent movie of 2002.
0.75 An energetic, violent movie with a momentum that never lets up.
0.875 Forgettable horror -- more gory than psychological -- with a highly satisfying quotient of Friday-night excitement and Milla power.
0.71 Though it may damage my credibility as a respectable movie critic, I'll proudly list Resident Evil on my list of this year's guilty pleasures.
0.5 Mostly, the movie is filled with scenes where the soldier people argue until somebody says, 'What's that sound?,' and then some horrible monster comes out and tries to eat them.
0.375 Paul Anderson, the director of such previous sci-fi turkeys as Event Horizon, Soldier and Mortal Combat, is back again with another loud, over-the-top picture.
0.625 Resident Evil may be brain dead but it's great popcorn entertainment nonetheless.
0.375 Brrrrrr....As scary as a ride though the Coney Island funhouse.
0.5 The special effects for this film were pretty bad.
0.7 The bottom line is that I munched on my nachos with my eyes glued to the screen and had a blast! Nothing wrong with that.
0.0 It's been 13 months and 295 preview screenings since I last walked out on a movie, but Resident Evil really earned my indignant, preemptive departure.
0.6 A perfectly ordinary, unexceptionally satisfactory film... does a fine job with the mechanics of the plot, but it whiffs a bit on the characters.
0.625 Rather than rise, this story cools off, fading away into unconvincing, accidental tragedy and an attempted emotional coda that feels more stapled on than woven in.
0.6 The film is worth watching just to see Isaac's performance grow through the final third: as misery, grief, and hate fuse together in a tumultuous, hopeless climax.
0.875 Any subtext is derived from the shades of Isaac and Mortensen's performances, playing men forced into an uneasy alliance.
0.8 The Two Faces of January is a stylish and riveting thriller full of suspense where the boundaries of the deranged fragments of the mind are pushed beyond their breaking point.
0.625 Amini is perhaps too intent on producing a film whose elegance outweighs its horrors, and as a result The Two Faces of January never fully delves into the hearts of darkness clearly beating beneath its mannered surface.
0.5 At a certain point, it's akin to reading a mediocre murder mystery. You finish it because you're too far in to quit, as opposed to actually caring how things wrap up.
0.6 A sumptuous film to watch. Humphrey Bogart would have loved the men's clothes, Dunst recalls the golden age of individual Hollywood actresses and the sun-baked locations are so dry you'll thirst for a summer drink.
0.875 Amini... has a playful darkness that jibes with Highsmith's sensibilities.
0.875 Everything about The Two Faces of January is right, even as the events it describes - a couple's idyllic Grecian holiday, a charming American's adventures abroad - go terribly wrong.
0.75 Things get awfully twisted under that hot Mediterranean sun.
0.5 A talented cast, but they all smolder and never ignite.
0.75 A stylish directorial debut for screenwriter Hossein Amini.
0.75 It follows three people, all of them flawed and under pressure, and keeps the audience in sympathy with all three. It's some kind of feat to place three people in conflict and have the audience wish the best for each of them.
0.75 It may not quite capture the tone and the dread of the Master of Suspense's work, but it's not too far off, and it stands out from the rest of the pack as much for what it doesn't do as for what it does.
0.6 Though not as talented or as sophisticated as Mr. Ripley, there's still enough substance and period style to the Two Faces of January.
0.5 It offers a lesson in crafting antiheroic characters. We don't have to identify with them, but we at least need to be intrigued.
0.6 Stylish thriller set in '60s Greece has drinking, smoking.
0.6 There are no jolting twists or shocking reveals. The reward lies mostly in accepting each character on his or her terms.
0.75 This is one of Mortensen's best performances, and "The Two Faces of January" is one gorgeously rendered old-school feature.
0.8 ...an atmospheric, scintillating tale of intrigue that would have been right at home in the 1940s when they made movies like this, despite an ending that doesn't live up to the rest of the movie.
0.5 Starts strong, but finishes sloppy.
0.75 Perfectly fine - as chilly as a cold platter of octopus salad, as bracing as a shot of ouzo.
0.6 It's a passion project, but you don't really sense a lot of passion on display. It's more like a job well done - a clean, efficient, old school thriller that could have come out when the source was published.
0.75 Is the film too old-school for short attention spans? Maybe. Rest assured that Amini's shuddery endgame is well worth the wait.
0.6 An intriguing diversion - a not always successful one, but a relatively decent potboiler nonetheless.
0.625 It lives or dies on its ending, and the final minutes here don't jibe with the rest of the film's cat-and-cat game.
0.7 Color it mesmerizing.
0.625 Hossein Amini's edits and sequences are engineered for narrative efficiency, often at the expense of thematic or affectual aims.
1.0 This is that rare movie that's way ahead of the viewer instead of the other way around. In terms of what it sets out to do, and does, there's nothing missing.
0.6 Amini demonstrates considerable skill both with actors and with the camera, giving the film a pungent balance of visual elegance and moral seediness.
0.7 Director Amini juggles the pairs with Hitchcockian aplomb.
0.75 Ambitious, gorgeous, even brave at times, though not always assured, Hossein Amini's beautiful and cautiously constructed thriller is an admirable piece featuring a trio of impressive performances
0.6 It's the locations that give the film its most robust flavour ... the plot isn't the film's greatest attribute, but hums along reliably, next to actors, clothes and locations that do the heavy lifting. Fun and disposable.
0.6 A welcome hark back to the days when mystery films were chiefly the stuff of cinema rather than TV...an absorbing, finely honed adventure.
0.6 This expertly executed adaptation of a second-tier title from esteemed author Patricia Highsmith is all about making a little niggle go a long way.
0.6 Structurally his script is excellent, condensing the book's plot while retaining its spirit.
0.7 Amini's handling of this gripping drama makes the film intriguing even when some of the plot developments stretch the boundaries of belief, and the film boasts three very strong performances in the leading roles.
0.6 Long-time screenwriter Hossein Amini (Drive) displays a degree of airy, old-fashioned elegance in his first directorial outing.
0.5 A final foot chase - like much before it - attempts to recall classics like The Third Man, yet is successful only in the way that Mortensen's speed is as dubious as Orson Welles'.
0.7 A tight, stylish, romantic thriller with strong characters and driving plot, The Two Faces of January is the perfect remedy for those who live on a steady diet of Hitchcock and Wilder noir's.
0.8 This is a taut thriller whose gaze is always focused on the progress of plot and relationships.
0.7 A handsome, engrossing and classy, if not classic, throwback thriller.
0.8 An unhurried, louche thriller that gives way to claustrophobia as it starts to get its clammy hands around your neck.
0.6 A handsomely mounted if somewhat slight affair, beautifully photographed by Marcel Zyskind, gorgeously dressed by Steven Noble, and well played by the central trio ...
0.8 This sun-drenched thriller is much more than a pretty picture: it's also a slow-burning story about moral compromises that worms its way under the skin.
0.8 Its richness lies in the complexity of its characterisation.
0.6 The film at times resembles an Agatha Christie movie - the kind of classy product TV companies love to show on a snoozy Sunday afternoon.
0.8 Amini ... has done a splendid job of evoking Greece in the early Sixties.
0.8 The Two Faces Of January charts a downward spiral of death and deceit marked by bad decisions taken for all the wrong reasons.
0.7 The Two Faces of January is an old fashioned thriller from the writer of Drive that despite a few missteps, is still a thoroughly fascinating directorial debut.
0.6 An enjoyable, if underpowered Highsmith adaptation which is lifted by its charismatic performances.
0.6 There are many attractive parts to this thriller - handsome leads, a meaty Patricia Highsmith plot, Mediterranean sunlight on cream linen suits - but it's no greater than the sum of them.
0.6 By the Istanbul last act the movie has become incurably woolly and one-note-enigmatic.
0.8 A pleasurable throwback to the character-driven thrillers of Alfred Hitchcock, rich in atmosphere and immaculately tailored.
0.6 It's beautifully shot and quietly absorbing. But the low-level tension never really threatens to bubble over.
0.6 While a competently watchable affair, there's some flimsy characterisation that these fine actors can't quite embellish; Dunst in particular is saddled with an underwritten role.
0.8 It all makes for a thriller that balances urgent storytelling with ethical dilemmas. Now, if only someone would make a proper version of Highsmith's masterful Edith's Diary.
0.6 Intelligent, stylish adaptation of a Highsmith thriller with a crack cast and superbly photographed period locations. But it misses the essential element of tension.
0.8 It looks and feels very familiar, but being such a lean, mean tightly-woven thriller also makes it a refreshing break from the contemporary norm.
0.8 A superior directorial debut for a smart, literate screenwriter delivers both first-class character drama and edge-of-your-seat suspense.
0.6 Rather than feel like an actual film noir, instead it feels like a modern film imitating the genre, and as such struggles to compel in quite the way it should.
0.8 It's an elegantly pleasurable period thriller, a film of tidy precision and class.
0.4 The entire film wants to be a carbon copy of Rushmore, with the addition of dark slickness and the omission of general quality.
0.7 Depending on your personal taste, the following statement may make or break Assassination for you: the movie is cute.
0.85 Brett Simon's clever high school noir debut is more Heathers than John Hughes
0.625 ...an affable (yet thoroughly uneven) piece of work...
0.4 Puts good intentions and appealing performances into the balance against cliches of dead-end neighborhoods and rebellious (but sensitive) youth.
0.25 Cisneros is an appealing actor, but he and Falling Awake get buried under a welter of cliches.
0.3 I'm all for telling generic stories about young artists rising above their lot in life, but for goodness sake, at least shoot it right.
0.6 Playing smarter and smoother than the plot, Cisneros uncorks an antimacho performance that deviates from type.
0.25 Casts a collection of illustrious no-names in a fatuous gangland epic of multicultural tensions between blacks and Puerto Ricans.
0.8 Many Ferrara faithful fetching for something uncanny will line up and get what they bargained for.
0.25 Mary is a mess. An inter esting one, yet still a mess.
0.4 Mary is a convoluted, hysterical mess of a movie with grandiose spiritual airs and not a drop of humor.
0.75 A triune plot that Ferrara digs into with sleeves fully rolled up.
0.5 It feels like the kind of snoozy artistic modulation that critics often confuse for maturation.
0.7 Very little of this mess works in any conventional sense, but as the performances begin to redline, the movie examines the relationship between performance and contrition.
0.4 Ferrara presents his ideas in what's meant to be a meditation on the nature of faith but ends up an incoherent, pretentious mess.
0.7 ...both Forest Whitaker and Juliette Binoche (as with the rest of the cast) give such amazing performances that they should be added to the list of the best work of their careers.
0.8 Somehow turns confusion into a concise study on what it means to believe in god in this day and age.
0.67 A serious-minded film about the confusion and anxiety that mark a true inquisition into one's faith.
0.83 While you might expect a cheap quickie designed to cash in on the Tim Burton feature ... Malice in Wonderland is actually an honest and at times intriguing updating of the classic set in modern times, in the cockney underworld of South London.
0.6 Genuinely original interpretation of the Brit gangster and Lewis Carroll's surreal tale.
0.2 Quite apart from the fact that it mistakes sexism and homophobia for sardonic liberal rib-tickling, even at 80 minutes, the film feels like a brash, crass and boneheaded music promo that's been stretched to breaking point.
0.4 Malice In Wonderland does little to remind you of the performances that once had critics and even the late great Harold Pinter crowing about his talent as [Dyer] started out on the West End stage.
0.2 Despite a certain visual flair, Malice in Wonderland just isn't very good. The screenplay is the main problem - it's just too flat and unimaginative to justify the larger-than- life cartoon characters that populate the movie.
0.4 Dyer has some funny lines, and he makes the most of them, proving that he is actually a good performer, all too often marooned in endless geezer knees-ups. But otherwise it's a bit pointless and heavy-handed.
0.4 Alice's adventures lose something in their contemporary translation, and there is very little to care about. It's nicely shot, though, in the style of a 1980s music video.
0.0 Simon Fellows and screenwriter Jayson Rothwell have come up with one of the worst ever ideas for a movie and created a cinematic abomination devoid of point, humour and entertainment value.
0.4 A good idea that unfortunately doesn't quite work, thanks to poor direction and a script that's not as clever or as funny as it thinks it is.
0.2 The presence of Danny Dyer, meanwhile, has likely tipped you off to the fact that it's a) set in a world of Brit gangsters, and b) not very good.
0.625 This spare, downbeat shocker shows considerable promise within the scope of its own modest ambitions.
0.7 This Argentinian horror film consistently hits the right creepy points while exhibiting impressive gory effects created with extremely limited resources.
0.625 It's not to say there's not a lot wrong with the film, but rather to suggest that the chief criticisms of it being strange and "a mess" aren't among them.
0.6 An often fascinating mess, but a mess all the same.
0.25 There's the obese Brando pretending to be God while dressed in gauzy white robes like a demented pope
0.8 Amazingly, Kilmer delivers an odder performance than Brando. Creepy retelling.
0.5 In its final third, the movie goes to hell in more ways than Frankenheimer intended.
0.625 The most exciting characters are killed off too early, and what we're left with is a Satan's "Seasme Street."
0.2 I'm sure it looked good on paper. That and Kilmer's frighteningly apt mimicry of Brando's voice are about the only positive things I can say.
0.5 The movie keeps switching focus without ever getting its bearings, and when Brando exits earlier than expected, there's little but mayhem to fall back on.
0.8 Uneven; definitely has its moments.
0.6 About 50 percent campy fun -- with another 50 percent of rather dull adventure.
0.75 What this movie is about, and where it succeeds best, is the primordial level of fear.
1.0 Quite simply, Jaws is a masterclass in blockbuster entertainment -- a tense, exciting thriller that redefined contemporary cinema. They don't make them like this anymore.
1.0 John Williams's Oscar-winning music and the excellent performances of Roy Scheider and Richard Dreyfuss add to the ingeniously mounted tension that cleverly plays on all our deepest primeval fears.
1.0 Spielberg knows exactly how the human mind works, and he uses that knowledge to plumb the elemental fear buried deep within.
0.625 ...the movie's justifiably legendary opening [paves] the way for an engrossing first act that's heightened by both Scheider's magnetic performance and the inclusion of several unbearably tense interludes.
1.0 Spielberg fashioned an instant classic whose success owes as much to his superb orchestration as to the substantial jolts and knockout performances by Roy Scheider, Robert Shaw and Richard Dreyfuss.
0.9 Before we see anything, our ears are chilled by composer John Williams' menacing two note soundtrack which then builds into that unforgettable frenzy as the unseen shark savages its first victim.
1.0 Jaws retains its power to enthrall and shock at the same time.
0.9 It remains an influence on the modern blockbuster, and is one of its best examples.
1.0 This is a suspense classic that leaves teeth-marks.
1.0 Jaws is a perfect blend of set-pieces and story, its formula so hard to capture it's now near-mythical - filmmakers have been chasing it like Ahab chasing Moby Dick ever since.
1.0 The aquatic terror is deftly balanced with lively, likeable characterisations.
1.0 Forget Saving Private Ryan, and Schindler's List. This is Spielberg's masterwork.
1.0 One of the absolute masterpieces of populist cinema.
1.0 Five-star movie could scare the pants off kids.
1.0 Spielberg has directed a film which contains many unforgettable and suspenseful moments. That Jaws was only his second feature film says something about the talent and ingenuity the man possessed even at such an early stage in his career.
1.0 To be brief and to the point, the GREATEST FILM EVER MADE! Thank you for your time.
1.0 A looming, terrifying catch of the day.
1.0 A classic. Tense, engrossing, scary and, subsequently, endlessly influential.
1.0 Like all the best suspense films, "Jaws" manages to somehow remain amazingly tense, even if you've seen the film before. No wonder so many moviegoers went back for repeat viewings.
1.0 It's no wonder a generation of holidaymakers still thinks twice before stepping into the water.
1.0 A masterpiece.
1.0 Nowadays, it doesn't really scare me anymore, but I love watching it for the way it moves.
1.0 One of the greatest horror films made. The opening sequence is not only a classic, it's still frightening nearly three decades after it was made.
1.0 It just might be one of the very best movies ever made.
1.0 When it comes to this kind of thriller, no movie has been able to top Jaws, although many have tried. And, as the years go by, it seems increasingly unlikely that anything will come close.
0.9 I loved the film more this time than I had the first time I watched it.
0.85 Director Steven Spielberg has constructed a chillingly frightening film.
1.0 One of the finest primal scare-thrillers ever to come out of Hollywood.
1.0 An astonishingly effective thriller built on a very primal level: fear.
0.9 It was the beast that launched a thousand monster movies.
1.0 A film that sealed Steven Spielberg's talent as a master entertainer.
1.0 One of the most effective thrillers ever made.
1.0 Well, it's about this shark...
1.0 ...a classic, action-adventure monster movie, maybe the best ever made. (Blu-ray edition)
0.9 One of those rare films that really deserved its commercial success and its place among the best films of all times.
0.4 A thrill-less thriller. Too violent for kids.
0.625 There is a critical void in the middle--the villain.
0.6 Em nenhum momento o espectador fica grudado a cadeira, em panico pelo que pode acontecer dali a alguns minutos.
0.5 Even those engrossed by the build-up here are likely to kiss off the rest after suffering through Girls' groaner of a wrap-up.
0.4 TV classic remade as a forgettable buddy movie.
0.625 Serves up the expected gags and set pieces in service of a thoroughly been-there, done-that plot line.
0.6 A otima quimica entre Eddie Murphy e Owen Wilson rende bons momentos.
0.4 Credit to Murphy and Wilson for making the most of it, but for Thomas it's a case of must spy harder.
0.5 It's easy to watch trash, and although Murphy and his co-stars deserve better, it would be wrong for me to lie to you and say that I was bored.
0.4 Thomas demonstrates zero feel for either the material or milieu.
0.6 For the most part, I Spy was an amusing lark that will probably rank as one of Murphy's better performances in one of his lesser-praised movies.
0.6 It's disposable dumb fun. And there's nothing wrong with that.
0.5 Murphy and Wilson actually make a pretty good team... but the project surrounding them is distressingly rote.
0.6 Freakishly fun to watch.
0.2 I spied with my little eye, a turkey of a movie.
0.5 Even if it is generally amusing from time to time, I Spy has all the same problems the majority of action comedies have.
0.6 Une comedie d'action ou l'action est deficiente mais ou la comedie fonctionne.
0.625 This film does no favors to the memory of the I Spy TV series, a genuine original that knew how to pull off a surprise. On the big screen, it is as ordinary as they get.
0.375 I Spy is about as mainstream and safe as movies tend to come, designed to appeal to as wide an audience as possible.
0.125 A dispiriting piece of hackwork that ranks somewhere close to The Mod Squad and McHale's Navy on the list of unnecessary and ill-conceived TV-to-movie spin-offs.
0.3 Do we need a new version of I Spy? I don't think so.
0.4 The film is overloaded with self-destruct modes, override codes and cocky Murphyisms discharged with machine-gun relentlessness.
0.2 Except for the fact that it isn't set on the moon, I kept thinking I was watching The Adventures of Pluto Nash all over again.
0.5 I found it irritating but still fun. Please read review.
0.25 So Owen and Eddie go spying - in Budapest! What's to spy on in Budapest!? A secret goulash formula?
0.25 I Spy is an embarrassment, a monotonous, disjointed jumble of borrowed plot points and situations. It's as flat as an open can of pop left sitting in the sun.
0.75 When a hail of buddy-comedy cliches works in service of two stars as appealing as Murphy and Wilson, memories of 'The Beverly Hillbillies' can wash away like cinematic Calgon.
0.5 What's next: "My Mother the Car?"
0.5 In short, once you've seen the raucous rapport between two devilish dipsticks dodging bullets and personal put-downs, you've certainly seen it all before!
0.2 Implausible, utterly ridiculous, and absolutely unfunny.
0.2 It's a buddy movie with zero chemistry between its leads, and even the action set-pieces seem dated and deadly dull.
0.5 The Murphy/Wilson danger-with-laughs duo never achieves the cool, hip, bantering momentum of Cosby/Culp.
0.5 It knows it's a lousy movie and draws attention away from the plot by focusing on the personalities
0.2 I Spy's empty jokes fail to stick to you. It's the olestra of major motion pictures.
0.375 A rather dismal, glaringly formulaic action-comedy.
0.25 A loud, witless mess that has none of the charm and little of the intrigue from the TV series.
0.375 I cry for I Spy -- or I would if this latest and laziest imaginable of all vintage-TV spinoffs were capable of engendering an emotional response of any kind.
0.4 Nothing about this movie is terribly fresh.
0.2 The time has come to offer thanks to Owen Wilson.
0.25 A feeble spoof consisting entirely of warmed-over gags from Bond, from previous spy spoofs.
0.25 No aspirations to social import inform the movie version. This is a shameless sham, calculated to cash in on the popularity of its stars.
0.75 A loose, lighthearted romp that's a notch above the usual buddy comedies.
0.25 As inept as big-screen remakes of The Avengers and The Wild Wild West.
0.35 Retreading a tired and worn genre, the film isn't the worst thing you'll see all year and it does offer a handful of laughs. Yet, it certainly could have been much better.
0.5 Eddie Murphy and Owen Wilson have a cute partnership in I Spy, but the movie around them is so often nearly nothing that their charm doesn't do a load of good.
0.5 The script doesn't make much sense and unravels in the final reels, but director Betty Thomas offers Murphy and Wilson some opportunity for amusing asides and juvenile horseplay.
0.4 It won't be long before you'll spy I Spy at a video store near you.
0.25 The fights are poorly staged, the chases are boring -- and a series of crashes and explosions can't disguise that absolutely nothing of interest is going on for long stretches.
0.5 The plotting is so generic that the villain played by Malcolm McDowell may as well have been played by Roddy McDowall for all the sinister distinction he's permitted to project.
0.5 A tired old buddy comedy with laughs stitching together chases and explosions.
0.3 If nothing else, I Spy does succeed at counter-intelligence.
0.625 Even the usually intense Malcolm McDowell doesn't have much spark: His main role is to press the remote control button that makes the stealth plane disappear and reappear, perhaps a foreshadowing of I Spy's cable-television future.
0.5 If you're looking for nostalgia, you're in the wrong place.
0.5 Those who loved the television show that provides the film with its title -- and little else -- may be miffed.
0.375 A casting disaster.
0.5 This is a remake by the numbers, linking a halfwit plot to a series of standup routines in which Wilson and Murphy show how funny they could have been in a more ambitious movie.
0.375 For all its dopey shootouts and inept identity tweaks, nothing in this movie amounts to anything.
0.6 It's not a classic spy-action or buddy movie, but it's entertaining enough and worth a look.
0.6 Nothing special, but for fans of Murphy or Wilson it'll be worth a look once it hits video stores.
0.5 Remember when movie versions of old TV shows actually took the trouble of lining up cameos of the series' old stars? Or at least followed the general contours of the original series?
0.2 Witless rehash of 1960s TV action-comedy has star power to waste -- and waste it does.
0.3 If you liked Bad Company, you'll love I Spy!!
0.25 I Spy something lazy, slow, shallow, stupid, amateurish, unfunny, unsuspenseful, uninformed, unspeakably dull and witlessly written, directed and acted.
0.375 The execution is so dumbed-down, so dumbfounding, that sophisticated moviegoers might confuse it for outtakes from Spy Kids 2 and XXX.
0.375 Humor in I Spy is so anemic.
0.4 Just plain generic.
0.5 With none of the series' famous sophistication and wit, all audiences will get from this film is nostalgia for TV's good old days.
0.2 More dead spots than a Jerry Lewis telethon.
0.5 A thinly veiled excuse for Wilson to play his self-deprecating act against Murphy's well-honed prima donna shtick.
0.625 I Spy" made me laugh. It's a blast.
0.25 The reason we keep seeing the same movie with roughly the same people every year is because so many of us keep going and then, out of embarrassment or stupidity, not warning anyone.
0.5 If I Spy were funny (enough) or exciting (enough) then it would be fairly simple to forgive the financial extortion it's trying to reap from the moviegoing public.
0.5 Apparently the Hollywood studios can no longer be bothered to actually watch the old TV shows they are ripping off.
0.375 If you thought Enron's power-supply manipulation was a waste of energy, wait until you see I-Spy.
0.5 With large portions shot on ugly digital video rather than film stock, the movie frequently looks like a washed out old videotape.
0.5 I Spy is ample reminder that memorable comedy is, in its own way, as tricky to pull off as a good party.
0.375 An overblown clunker full of bad jokes, howling cliches and by-the-numbers action sequences.
0.4 A sometimes very funny but mostly banal action-comedy that has only superficial links to its 1960s source.
0.375 Owen Wilson...has officially refined his act into saleable Hollywood shtick.
0.125 It's been 20 years since 48 Hrs. made Eddie Murphy a movie star and the man hasn't aged a day. But his showboating wise-cracker stock persona sure is getting old.
0.25 File the film and Murphy's performance under Motion Sickness.
0.5 An uninspired buddies-from-hell comedy with a theater sound system so loud some punch lines are muffled.
0.7 Cut from the same mold as celluloid trash like Bad Company...[but] both Eddie Murphy and Owen Wilson are genuinely funny.
0.5 Spy is one of those films in which so little thought went into the story, the characters often whine about not being able to keep things straight. But consider this: It took four people to pen a story that doesn't make a lick of sense.
0.4 As pedestrian as they come.
0.7 The rapport between Wilson and Murphy is uproarious, even if the action bits are a little lame.
0.625 An unremarkable, modern action/comedy buddy movie whose only nod to nostalgia is in the title.
0.75 A whole lot of fun and funny in the middle, though somewhat less hard-hitting at the start and finish.
0.4 A forgettable buddy movie that feels like a rejected script for "Rush Hour 3."
0.5 It's simply a generic action movie -- nothing you haven't seen before.
0.7 The Lower Depths both gains and loses by its proximity to Renoir's later masterpieces: It's not one of them them, but the same guy made it.
0.75 The relationship between Gabin's Pepel and Jouvet's Baron is a brilliant one -- Renoir pointing to their internal similarities by stressing their external differences.
0.875 Convoluted but absorbing.
0.8 A thoroughly enjoyable murder mystery in the classic style.
0.6 If you're a fan of Hong Kong police flicks, then you know that at any given moment, it seems like 50 percent of the force is deep undercover in the triads.
0.625 I really wanted to see a fun mindless martial arts film. But the story is so familiar that it beoomes boring.
0.625 It's all about the extensive climax, a gunfight turned mixed martial arts throwdown.
0.5 Insensible.
0.4 Considerably more importance is placed on the chops and the socks than the story, and yet the action sequences aren't terribly memorable.
0.6 Catch this one in theatres while you have the chance. The breathless, breakneck action of Flash Point can only truly be appreciated 40 feet high.
0.625 Donnie Yen is famous for combining martial arts traditions into his own unique fighting style and Collin Chou, who studied with Sammo Hung, is up to the task of holding his own.
0.75 Yen has developed a recent passion for mixed martial arts, and his more traditional punches and flying kicks are supplemented by some close-quarters Muay Thai kicks and even some jujitsu submission holds. Ultimate Fighting Championship fans will be happy.
0.25 Flash Point comes loaded with cliches and immediately starts blasting them in every direction.
0.333333333333 Not even a choice ass-whupping can make up for the plodding familiarity that precedes it.
0.4 Flash Point plays like the last hurrah of a criminal underclass facing the inevitable shrinking of its bottom line.
0.75 Finally -- with barely a half-hour left to go, Donnie Yen does his thing.
0.5 Like the mixed martial arts it showcases, Flash Point espouses the belief that there's nothing quite as entertaining as uninhibited brutality.
0.49 Fans of the genre will likely leave it satisfied, although it's not as likely that they'll feel satisfied the whole time they're watching.
0.25 The Eternal is just silly and not the least bit scary.
0.6 ...goes on way too long for its tenuous material and never really pays off. However, it is a film of quiet terror...
0.4 The film is marred by glacial pacing, its own silly premise, and a snowballing series of absurdities.
1.0 The best Mexican splatterfest since Bring Me the Head of Alfredo Garcia!
0.625 Eventually, the film's impressive array of formal pyrotechnics overwhelms its morals.
0.6 It may feel more like pulp than art house, but it still maintains its grip, bound together by a score composed by Nick Cave, among others.
0.6 So confusing (especially if you're a football dolt) that you may have trouble identifying the different narrative strands. It's still gripping.
0.6 There are characters who help to connect the stories and provide a straight line through a very twisted narrative. In its best moments this is an exciting, involving multi-story thriller.
0.4 Full of colour, carnage and dramatic overkill, the film drills through your brain, destroying neurons as it goes. It's like being your own guest at an aesthetic torture gig.
0.4 So we think Mexico is an extremely violent place, but are a bit confused to be frank.
0.6 The pacing drags in the early stages, the characters are thinly sketched and the impact of the dialogue has been diluted by a shoddy subtitling job.
0.6 The dizzying narrative pings hither and thither, with first-time director Gout confidently deploying different screen ratios and film stocks to remind the audience where they are in the timeline.
0.4 Starts with a bracingly stylised snarl and ends in a muddle.
0.7 Everardo Valerio Gout directs as though he may never get another chance, throwing just about everything he can at his first feature - and quite a lot of what he throws is impressive, even if he sometimes tries just a little too hard.
0.6 Gout, a prolific short filmmaker here making his feature-length debut, shows a flair for directing actors and for creating atmospheric visual sequences, often composed of single, beautifully-soundtracked tracking shots.
0.8 This is genre filmmaking taken to its pulpiest extreme, an example of style over substance to be sure, but what style.
0.375 One ultimately can't help but scratch one's head at the presence of such well-known figures as Morgan Freeman and Kevin Spacey within Edison Force...
0.4 Nothing more than a sub-average direct-to-video actioner with a few A-listers stuck in the leads.
0.2 Deveria haver uma lei contra filmes como este.
0.8 Just because it's not A-list Argento, that does not mean it cannot be an effective surrealist horror film.
0.75 second-tier stuff
0.6 Visually striking, utterly incoherent, largely enjoyable.
0.3 [Argento's] stories are not supposed to make sense, but we can at least ask them to be watchable.
0.75 More so than any other Argento film, this one is for the fans.
0.375 What could have been an interesting and funny period piece under the directorship of original screenwriter Edwards is turned into a tedious, infantile mess by director Benjamin.
0.6 One wishes the only pairing of Clint and Burt were better, but City Heat is still fun.
0.125 How do travesties like this get made?
0.6 One of Mr. Benjamin's main contributions to the film is a good-humored buoyancy, even when things are at their most muddled.
0.4 Ex Machina will work best for those who are intrigued by the mere thought of artificial intelligence.
0.75 Oscar Isaac upstages impressive visual effects and set design
0.8 While we may tire of Caleb and Nathan's boilerplate debates about AI, the film's ominous undercurrents keep us awake and attentive.
0.9 When the story is all over there has been surprisingly little story told, but the viewer will have been privy to some very sophisticated philosophical ideas.
1.0 It is a pounding psychological thriller that plants its seeds of doubt from its opening cues and builds to a tremendously affecting crescendo.
0.875 A.I. goes A.W.O.L. in this minimalist sci-fi thriller from England that's justifiably turning heads for its brilliant production design, brainy cat-and-mouse narrative, and vice-like tension.
0.9 Alex Garland's intense, mind-melding sci-fi thriller is the most intriguing movie I've seen so far this year.
1.0 A thought-provoking thriller guaranteed to keep you enthralled while reassessing the meaning of consciousness
0.875 The movie milks its desolate setting for maximum impact: Nathan's secluded house-cum-laboratory is cannily employed as its own self-contained petri dish, with existential quandaries being analyzed under Garland's morally tuned microscope.
1.0 Ex Machina is the best movie I've seen all year.
0.9 Ex Machina is memorable and downright challenging, full of sharp performances that blur the lines between humanity and programming.
0.875 Intelligent and provocative, with more than a little relevance to the world we live in.
0.8 There's a lot happening in Ex Machina and we're never entirely sure what will happen next.
0.75 It's rare for a science-fiction film's high-concept to get stolen out from under it by a performance -- but then again, Isaac appears to be a rare kind of actor.
0.75 [A] methodically absorbing sci-fi drama.
0.9 For one thing, it's gorgeously shot. For another, it actually takes its own ideas seriously. This is a special film.
0.875 The film differentiates itself nicely from others of its ilk, for lurking beneath the heady stuff is a tense, frightening horror film.
0.9 Through cues both understated and not so much, the grim implications ("grimplications?") of creating a fembot with the potential to go full Skynet are clear.
0.75 Garland's primary concern is his flesh-and-blood characters, even though they are not nearly as showy (or beautiful) as his main attraction, the vulnerable, delicate girl with a heart of steel and wires.
0.75 Garland's commitment to his weird, edgy material, and his unhurried and thoughtful execution of it, makes "Ex Machina" something special.
0.75 A clever film with one indelible performance from Isaac.
0.875 At heart, Garland is a genre filmmaker, but his movies have more depth than their contemporaries. Additionally, he's cast his movie brilliantly.
0.75 Ex Machina packs a scientist's brain inside a thrill seeker's body, much like the nubile robot within it.
0.6 [Oscar] Isaac - buffed, bald, and bearded - is the film's dramatic center as Nathan, a man betrayed by his own genius. He struts, he speechifies, he schemes, he scolds, all friendly menace and sly frankness.
0.8 Ex Machina is incredibly slow moving and never really escalates to an exciting pace, but its slow burn mentality and ability to ignore being rushed is what makes it so enticing. This is a film that undeniably revitalizes the sci-fi genre.
1.0 Like stage actors who live and breathe their roles over the course of months, Isaac, Gleeson, and Vikander excel, and cast a spell.
0.8 This futuristic take on age-old motivations, jealousy and betrayal among them, makes Ex Machina clever and engaging throughout.
1.0 This is [Garland's] first turn as director, and it suits him; he's created a cautionary tale that entertains even as it forces us to think.
1.0 "Ex Machina" is a tense tale of artificial love so intelligently crafted and edgy that I adored it myself.
0.875 With a stellar cast and seductive look, "Ex Machina" is a sleek contraption for capturing our imagination.
0.625 A neat psychological thriller for the digital age. Great performances compensate for a slightly slim story.
0.9 It's great when a movie messes with your head.
0.5 A B-movie that tried to be something better but stayed a B-movie.
1.0 Evokes Stanley Kubrick as much as the similarly excellent Under the Skin last year. A must-see for fans of either.
1.0 A masterpiece. Alex Garland puts teeth and a chill into what has either been an empty sci-fi threat, or else has been sentimentalized to death, as in the very bad Chappie.
0.6 Beautifully shot and wonderfully acted, it's an enjoyable, grown-up entertainment, even if it leaves us wanting something deeper.
0.8 Despite following a great deal of well-worn territory, the film manages to engage its audience with its icy and efficient delivery and consistent undercurrent of malevolence.
0.9 It's the kind of film that seems to me shy of a masterpiece right now, but one where I may well find it to be with time and repeat viewings.
1.0 "Ex Machina" is an exquisite puzzle box of a picture. It baffles. It unsettles. It intrigues.
1.0 A beautifully-crafted science fiction drama that recalls the ingenuity and brilliance of "Jurassic Park."
0.625 The ideas here don't breathe. They simply take us from one plot point to the next.
0.75 "Ex Machina" isn't quite "Citizen Kane" for an era of Internet tycoons, but it suggests that that's not such a bad idea.
0.875 A singularly chilling cinematic stunner that coexists as a wild daydream and a prescient glimpse into the future.
0.7 A rattling and ruminative piece of speculative fiction, Ex Machina is good enough to wish it were even better.
0.875 Ex Machina addresses heady issues of A.I., exploring what it means to be human or, more important, what it means to be an imitation of humanity so real, what's the actual difference?
0.875 "Ex Machina" is a smart, exceptionally stylish head trip.
0.75 Garland sidles up to some large ideas, some more provocative than others, and his premise hints at the costs of perpetual, omnivorous surveillance.
0.75 It's hard to imagine another director squeezing as many shades and colors from his screenplay as Garland did, and from now on, it would be understandable if he insisted on directing everything he writes.
1.0 Alex Garland brilliantly brings the past into the present with the near-future tale Ex Machina, a stark but dazzling meditation on intelligence, consciousness and morality that discreetly uses special effects in service of story, dialogue and character.
1.0 Merciless, efficient and terrifyingly logical...
0.7 Ex Machina is intelligent science fiction operating at a very high level.
0.8 It will make you look at every other movie about artificial intelligence in a whole new way.
0.625 More tricky than smart.
0.75 In the final analysis, the movie doesn't offer much about the subject that hasn't been previously explored, but the soil is fertile and many ideas germinate.
0.75 Slow paced, but thought provoking science fiction.
0.8 A thrilling work of sci-fi ... a smart and visually alluring film that contemplates chilling questions about where technology is headed and the consequences of playing God.
0.8 Beautifully haunting.
0.8 This is the best, most credible, of the artificial intelligence movies to date. Garland keeps the tension up and the pace moving by tackling many thought-provoking existential issues. I was pleasantly surprised, rewarded, by what I had just seen.
0.65 A chilly yet engrossing drama, elevated beyond its four-people-locked-in-a-house framework by the eerie beauty of the production design and the thoughtful curiosity of Garland's screenplay.
0.8 Ex Machina achieves that rare combination of eliciting both strong thoughts and feelings, and it deserves to be known as a sci-fi classic.
0.75 A TED Talk in the form of a movie, with a few creepy twists and suspenseful deceptions that keep the plot moving forward.
0.875 Gleeson is terrific and Vikander, who stars in five other films this year alone, is a revelation. As is Ex Machina, a movie that looks like something destined to be savored, watched and re-watched endlessly over the years.
1.0 We will be very lucky if we get another movie either as good or better this year.
0.875 Although "Ex Machina" is small and talky - it has just four characters, and the only action comes at the end - it also looks good. The set direction is interesting and evocative. The effects impress but don't overwhelm.
0.8 turns a standard story into something quite special
0.9 It's become far too commonplace to overuse the term 'masterpiece,' but Alex Garland's directorial debut comes about as close as you can get.
0.75 I know, I know. You've seen all this A.I. stuff before. But never like this. Garland is hot for ethical shop talk on what defines humanity or lack of same.
1.0 This is a classic film.
0.6 If any film needed a brief, impromptu hip hop dance scene (Oscar Isaac, predictably, has moves), it's one attempting a treatise on the meaning of existence.
0.7 It makes up for its linearity with verve, first in the impeccably controlled, intellectually rigorous direction, and then in the performances.
0.75 Austere, cerebral and chilling
0.875 For a first-time director, Garland seems assured. His sharp, sparse dialogue and meticulous direction are equally compelling, and the trio of lead performances are top-notch.
0.625 It doesn't quite add up in the end, but it's heady stuff anyway, dense with moments of shivery beauty and frightening ideas.
0.8 An intriguing four-character sci-fi drama about explorers of artificial intelligence.
0.6 "Ex Machina" shows there's still life left in tales of artificial intelligence.
0.875 By going deep on a simple construct, Ex Machina establishes itself as a unique and deeply unsettling psychological thriller that's both necessary and unforgettable.
0.9 With uncommon intelligence and the even more uncommon ability to look without blinking, Garland's made the one of the best sci-fi films of the past several years, a wicked and wise parable of the near-now that's honed to a gleam.
0.9 Wickedly smart and often wickedly funny, this delightfully entertaining science fiction drama is one of the best films of the year.
1.0 Might not be the first film about the dangers inherent in giving robots free will, but it's certainly one of the most accomplished.
0.625 There comes a point where, if we have been paying attention, we know what will happen once a character walks out a door.
0.5 In the end, more than just the machine remains an enigma.
0.9 It's a very smart movie and seems to almost be cognitive of what the audience is thinking ... one of the best pure sci-fi movies to come out in a very long time.
0.75 ...[Ex Machina] never stops being slick, cool, and polished, its intelligence not artificial at all.
0.8 A confident, engrossing debut.
0.9 Compelling, claustrophobic, cutting edge and clever, Ex Machina is as smart and satisfying as science fiction gets.
0.8 An intriguingly stripped-down sci-fi thriller about artificial intelligence that's fully attuned to its more blockbuster elements yet pleasingly cerebral at the same time.
0.8 This is knowingly seductive sci-fi cinema, its slyly subversive allegiances hidden by the two-way mirror of the silver screen, its androids dreaming of much more than mere electric sheep.
0.8 Closer to Caryl Churchill's stage play A Number than to, say, THX-1138, this tight, tense virtual three- hander sings with creative disharmony.
0.8 Cool! It's a trip! All Alex Garland's creations are a trip.
0.8 Garland has produced something seductively strange, consistently thought-provoking and admirably adult.
0.8 Its thought-provoking themes will gnaw at your own humanity long after the shocking finale has bowed.
0.8 Novelist and screenwriter Alex Garland's first film as a director takes some very old ideas and gives them an ingenious new spin.
0.8 Ex Machina is a smart, tricksy study of artificial intelligence and tech-sex that explores a credible near-future take on the man-machine relationship.
0.6 Ex Machina feels like an elegant SF short story with a droll twist that has been pumped up and sexed up into an over-bulky feature film. But it's managed with confidence.
0.8 Smart, swanky, a little inhuman and preternaturally well crafted.
0.8 Slick and seductive, this exploration of artificial intelligence may essentially only have three characters, but it's complex, provocative and thoroughly engaging.
0.8 Stylish, elegant, tense, cerebral, satirical and creepy. Garland's directorial debut is his best work yet, while Vikander's bold performance will short your circuits.
0.6 Feels like a pathway to grander things for Garland.
0.8 The lush setting avoids the stifling grey look of so many other sci-fi films and the commendably-restrained special effects are as outstanding as the three fast-rising lead actors.
0.8 This is bewitchingly smart science fiction of a type that's all too rare. Its intelligence is anything but artificial.
0.8 As thoughtful as it is thrilling, Ex Machina is a razor-sharp and nimble character drama which takes a controlled nosedive into exhilarating sci-fi horror.
0.8 There's no little hint of Kubrick and Hitchcockian paranoia to Alex Garland's debut as writer-director, a nifty, quasi-Gothic three-hander of great performances and unerring control.
0.6 A bit more intelligence would not have gone amiss.
0.8 Ex Machina is smart, sexy and thrilling sci-fi filmmaking at its most fascinating.
1.0 There's a lot going on here. But don't think for a second this is troublesome critic-fodder. It's thrilling.
0.8 A smart, accomplished piece of work that presses all the right buttons.
0.8 Gleeson convinces as a desperate-to-please, ambitious young coder. Isaac's difficult-to-read, drunken, pumped-up mad scientist is disquieting and Vikander excels in a demure and shifting role.
0.8 Garland cleverly keeps us on our toes by constantly toying with our allegiances.
0.9 Anchored by three dazzling central performances, it's a stunning directorial debut from Alex Garland that's essential viewing for anyone with even a passing interest in where technology is taking us.
1.0 Multi-faceted and nuanced, each with so many subtleties and complexities Ex_Machina is a film bursting with ideas.
0.5 Just your basic slasher fare where a horde of horny teens riddled with contemptuous attitude wind up in the lair of an ax-happy psycho.
0.6 Gore fans won't be disappointed.
0.2 It seems Dark and writer Dan Madigan have no better grasp of insect reproduction than they do of filmmaking.
0.5 ...slightly more effective than your average not-screened-for-critics genre entry...
0.6 O roteiro nao traz uma unica ideia original, sendo previsivel do inicio ao fim (com excecao, talvez no que diz respeito ao destino de alguns personagens). Ainda assim, o filme funciona gracas a direcao firme do ex-realizador porno (!) Gregory Dark.
0.2 full review in Greek
0.25 blows more than the acctresses in the directors old movies
0.0 This rote exercise in slasher-film tedium holds zero surprises.
0.0 A predictably gruesome compendium of splatter-movie cliches, See No Evil is a reprehensible exercise in lowest-common-denominator filmmaking that disgusts and bores in equal measure.
0.2 It's unoriginal with no rhyme or reason, and never takes advantage of its golden opportunity to provide us with an entertaining story.
0.25 Sickeningly violent nonsense.
0.3 If it carries the faint odour of freshly carved teenage flesh, plus a soupcan of plucked eyeball, then you've sniffed out See No Evil.
0.1 A loathsome, repugnant slasher/thriller
0.625 So undeniably nightmarish it achieves its own ugly integrity...
0.2 Feels like an eternity, making one wish the killer would hurry up so that the end credits can roll and we could all be done with this bloody mess.
0.5 See No Evil is proficient junk, which makes it something of an improvement over recent horrors like An American Haunting.
0.4 Overall, fans of this type of horror film might appreciate See No Evil for the exploitation flick that it is but others will be let down as they will have seen it all before.
0.4 Manages to startle through the first half and snooze through the second.
0.3 Pure unadulterated garbage
0.3 There's more random eye-plucking in See No Evil than in the Old Testament. While the image is undeniably repellent, it also quickly becomes rather dull.
0.375 ... mostly an excuse for a butcher to carve up prime cuts of twentysomething meat in reverse order of cuteness.
0.5 ... the extreme levels of gratuitous gore also make the picture ... difficult to recommend.
0.2 ... the appropriately named Mr. Dark has no use for actors as anything other than body-bag fillers.
0.2 ... generic and predictable ...
0.25 Outside the wrestling hook, See No Evil is a boilerplate bloodfeast featuring the usual mix of stylish camerawork and screaming sound cues.
0.0 The madman is played by the single-name professional wrestler Kane, who has all the acting skills of a fire hydrant. But why waste good acting on a contrived, unimaginative story?
0.125 Grim, bloody and relentless, without even a spark of fun or intelligence, Evil is barely good enough for late-night cable.
0.125 It might be hard to imagine a career move that is a step down from directing porn videos, yet Gregory Dark has accomplished just that with his feature-film debut, See No Evil.
0.4 ... I see no originality in See No Evil.
0.3 There's a glaring lack of plot, characterization, plausible dialogue and decent acting.
0.375 As horror movies go, I've seen a lot worse than See No Evil. Still, it's a lackluster gore flick with a plot that has more holes than its evil madman leaves in his victims.
0.0 Amateur Hour-and-a-Half....It isn't fit for human consumption.
0.5 Faithfully derivative of the low-grade, entertainingly bad slasher items of two decades ago.
0.375 ...[a] generically drab and diluted horror flick. [Kane's] a hulking sadist with the stimulating moody disposition of a blunt meat hook.
0.25 First-timer Dan Madigan's screenplay has the rhythms of a particularly simplistic video game ...
0.125 As shallow as a toilet bowl and twice as rank as its usual contents.
0.125 As misunderstood movie monsters go, Kane's Jacob can't even get in the ring with bedeviled Quasimodo of 'The Hunchback of Notre Dame' or even Frankenstein's monster.
0.2 Anyone who truly wants to See No Evil should simply avoid this movie altogether.
0.44 Although there's not nearly enough jolts, this is a workmanlike job.
0.3 The fact that See No Evil's serial stalker is only slightly more horrifying than, say, Sloth from The Goonies is not exactly a good thing.
0.4 It fails to be even a little inventive, and it's not scary at all.
0.875 Here is one of those rare movies that penetrates the membrane separating all those disposable "gotcha" scarefests from genuinely engrossing supernatural thrillers.
0.7 30 Days of Night is a great example on how to combine chills, thrills and gore with the end result a serious and effective horror movie.
0.75 Scrapping many of the undead cliches and aided by troublingly realistic special effects, Slade has crafted one hell of a monster movie.
0.375 About as scary as Count Chocula.
0.6 Not bad, but let's just say the movie could have used a tad more intentional humor.
0.375 ... [T]he hissing foreign-language chatting vampires, with all pointy teeth, make for dull, screaming villains.
0.375 The action is fast and gruesome, but beyond Niles and Templesmith's unique setting, in which the typical race to daylight is stretched out to an agonizing marathon, '30 Days of Night' offers little to stir the imagination.
0.3 I was done when there was a needless scene abusing a woman. And the ending was on the verge of interesting, until it came down to one little punch.
0.8 The coolest vampire movie since Near Dark.
0.5 30 Days of Night reinvents the vampire movie, but only with its novel premise.
0.7 It certainly does entertain, particularly for those who consider a man chopping off the head of one of his friends...entertaining. Twice!
0.4 Concept: excellent. Setup: intriguing. Execution: well... too many interesting ideas bungled.
0.6 aniso thriler poy mpalatzarei anamesa sti mpimoybiariki anapologitikotita toy kai ti mpantmoybiariki ektelesi toy, kai dihos na mporei na anaparastisei peistika tin komikistiki aisthitiki tis pigis empneysis toy, parapataei me epiloges poy toy prokyptoyn
0.4 Os vampiros vistos aqui sao pouco mais do que animais irracionais e desinteressantes.
0.6 It would be fun to rent with friends who talk back to movies and imbibe a little ETOH to facilitate the witty comebacks. Compared to the other Halloween offerings out there this year, 30 Days of Night is really pretty decent value for your money. Great
0.625 an okay flick
0.75 Redeems the vampire sub-genre, yanking it from the abysmal depths...
0.5 Overall, the film is freaky and gruesome enough to keep horror fans thrilled, especially as the monsters get stronger, faster, badder and nuttier.
0.4 30 Days Of Night has a terrific premise and an intriguing setting, but it's badly let down by poor direction, dismal acting and an appalling script.
0.6 A real baying-at-the-moon gorefest, unusual both for its savagery and for a half-decent performance from Hartnett.
0.6 If you are looking for a genuinely scary Halloween film, this is a good bet.
0.4 30 Days of Night has a striking comic-book aesthetic and macabre sense of fun - if your sense of fun includes watching a vampire turned into pate in the gnashing metal jaws of a rubbish processor.
0.75 The portrayal of small-town dynamics amid the loneliness of the frozen North is more artful than the frenzied, sloppy, shaky-camera fangwork.
0.6 An extremely gory but never completely gripping horror.
0.6 A refreshing variation on the vampire movie formula, with a strong premise and a fair bit of splatter, but insufficient verve to last out its nearly two hour running time.
0.4 Good idea, boring execution.
0.5 I've seen more creepy vampires, I guess. But the thought of waiting out the ghouls in "30 Days of Night" is pretty interesting.
0.6 This has more bite than we've come to expect from Sam Raimi's Ghost House production outfit. Some of the action misses the jugular, but Danny Huston makes for a sensational baddie.
0.333333333333 A frustrating mix of imaginative design, erratic plotting and underwritten characters.
0.6 In comparison to recent anaemic vampire offerings, it does make your blood run cold - assuming you've got any left.
0.8 This slick and sticky horror is the most accomplished treatment of vampire lore since Near Dark.
0.8 30 Days Of Night strikes out a nerve-jangling, bloodily unpredictable route to a truly stunning ending that's well worth the wait.
0.625 The isolated, unique nature of the town's plight keeps the film from tapping directly into universal fears, but it will certainly make you grateful to see the sun rise
0.5 Great setup, a mediocre middle, and no follow through make this story a swing and a miss, although an entertainingly bloody mess to watch.
0.3 They are counting the number of days to the sun and I was counting the number of minutes to the end.
0.4 Director David Slade is clearly of the opinion that more is more, so there is lots of blood, lots of gore, and lots of vampires in black coats standing around as if auditioning for a remake of the Michael Jackson Thriller video.
0.75 It's not quite torture porn, but there are lots of flying body parts to play with. And that flyin' body part fan base is really going to have a good time with it.
0.5 The unscary 30 Days of Night has shallow bite.
0.625 your best choice for fun frights before a night of track or treating.
0.4 The premise is slightly intriguing, but the execution is blander than Josh Hartnett's screen presence.
0.5625 30 Days is gory, graphic, suspenseful and occasionally nonsensical. But it's a vampire movie and if you're into that genre you'll probably be into this.
0.6 Let's call this one 'Vampire Movies for Dummies', complete with our hero (John Hartnett) having the job of solemnly stating the obvious as a pseudo narrator.
0.8 It's not a classic, but it's good blood-spattered fun.
0.625 Bleak, bombastic and belligerent, Slade's blood-busting bohemians will indeed take a caustic chunk out of your imaginative horrifying souls.
0.8 Decent vampire movies are few and far between, and I'm having a hard time remembering a recent one that impressed me like 30 Days of Night.
0.75 Slade doesn't skimp on the gore, or on the disturbing imagery of these fast-moving vampires... hunting the townsfolks through the snow.
0.75 If this is the kind of movie you're looking for, it delivers.
0.7 30 Days of Night redonne ses lettres de noblesses a monstre edente depuis des annees, pour ne pas dire des decennies.
0.6 At its core, 30 Days of Night is a siege Western relocated to the frozen north.
0.6 The premise of this film has just got to be the ultimate wet dream for your average vampire.
0.7 Director Slade has fashioned a horror film that, for all its narrative shortcomings, succeeds at what it set out to do: make vampires scary again and terrify audiences doing it.
0.75 30 Days of Night manages to do for the vampire genre what 28 Days Later did for the zombie flick: give age-old monsters a modern-day makeover.
0.625 Vampires stage a blood orgy in a tiny Alaskan town that spends a month of every year sunk in the darkness of polar winter in this gory adaptation of Steve Niles' popular graphic novel.
0.375 It's clear the film script has gone through the standard Hollywood death-of-a-thousand-rewrites wringer to emerge as shadow of its former self, drained of much of its creative synergy.
0.75 It's an unusually thoughtful chiller.
0.75 Fleshing out their minimalist story in a way that won't cause the blood to drain from fans' faces, it's one of the better recent efforts as both a comic adaptation and a fright flick.
0.75 30 Days of Night is the well-paced and entertaining horror debut of Hard Candy director David Slade, who captures the coolest parts of Steve Niles' comic book series on the big screen.
0.75 A truly terrifying hell-ride through darkness for grownups.
0.25 You could make a horror film with shocking story developments and creepy twists. Or, you could just have monsters with pointy teeth jump into the frame while making loud noises. For the latter, check out the vampire flick 30 Days of Night.
0.625 The increasingly ridiculous behavior of some of the other humans turn the film laughable by interrupting its brutality with banality. And when it comes to vampires, brutal is always better.
0.375 An anemic adaptation of Steve Niles and Ben Templesmith's creepy comic series, 30 Days of Night is lighter on horror than it is on inadvertent humor.
0.5 See the movie for the vampires, which are at least visually interesting. The humans are so boring I couldn't wait for them to die.
0.6 30 Days of Night isn't deep, but it's effective, and at least it doesn't seem like something you've seen a dozen times before.
0.75 Even as stage blood flows like water, this wicked-mean vampire thriller pushes ahead with effective characters, a fantastic visual schema and a terrifying plot.
0.625 Like most kiddies games, this one starts out fun and then gets tired. Inevitably, that's when Slade tries to revive our interest by upping the gore quotient.
0.75 Even when it resorts to the hoariest cliches, 30 Days of Night still chills.
0.5 The filmmakers have tried to expand the original source material by adding more characters to the mix. But as a result, it actually feels character-thin and a little sketchy.
0.625 I have pretty much reached my quota for vampire movies, but I shouldn't hold that against this one. If you haven't seen too many, you might like it.
0.625 30 Days is a proficient, atmospheric fangfest that does nothing you haven't seen before but still does it passably well.
0.875 Scary is back in the cold deadly way. This horror film contained all the necessary ingredients for a classic fright.
0.4 This is a failed fright flick that is so inspired by Stephen King that the famous horror scribe should consider suing.
0.76 ...a horror film as dim as its prevailing palette, a graytoned fugue set in the blankness of the Alaskan Arctic.
0.3 The performers have little to do besides spill and drink blood in this tedious, inconsequential B picture. The sun doesna(TM)t rise nearly fast enough.
0.625 Nearly passes muster on atmosphere alone.
0.2 A bloody bore that utilizes lots of CGI blood and rapid-fire visual glitz in a doomed effort to cover up the fact that there is nothing going on here that even the least committed consumer of vampire-related entertainment hasn't seen many times before
0.5 For a horror picture being released only weeks before Halloween, 30 Days of Night doesn't thrill and it definitely doesn't spook.
0.625 Why see the same old Saw when you have a chance to see the best and scariest vampires you have seen in a long time?
0.5 So the remaining survivors huddle together. A few get bitten and turn. Some splatter kills in-between. Remind me again of what exactly is 'groundbreaking' about this.
0.75 ...a breath of fresh air amidst the relentless deluge of watered-down, teen-oriented cash grabs and remakes.
0.3 30 Days of Night amounts to two hours of missed opportunities.
0.625 A frightening genre offering, raising the bar on raising the dead.
0.875 30 Days of Night sparks with crackling energy. It's a symphony of shocks.
0.375 The same conflict over and over is not frightening. Once it collapses under the weight of its own preposterousness and lack of suspense, it doesn't matter how many cool-looking vampires screech like feral beasts- the movie has already lost all its blood.
0.6 30 Days hangs on a pretty cool conceit.
0.5 This high-concept vampire film suffers from a disappointingly low-concept approach.
0.8 This is a full-on, non-stop horror film. You're either on the bus or off the bus. But if you are on, you're hanging on with both hands and your hair flying back for the better part of the movie.
0.7 This is a gory, nasty movie that never gives its characters or its audience a moment's rest.
0.6 Hartnett has the same empty, mildly worried look in his eyes all the time, whether or not he's a vampire.
0.375 The film moves from truly creepy to truly inane.
0.75 These vamps could use stakes as toothpicks and garlic as garnish on their meals of human flesh. Their only weaknesses are a well-swung ax to the jugular and sunlight. Much like Larry King.
0.5 During bad movies my mind often drifts toward better ones, which explains why 30 Days of Night reminded me of High Noon.
0.5 The script is simple stuff, simpler than the graphic novel, which at least managed to devote a page or two to the vampires' back story.
0.333333333333 Despite the clever twist of fighting vampires with an ultraviolet lamp (good thing grandma grew pot), this horror-flick fondue settles into an extended cat-and-mouse sequence dotted with the occasional dollop of gore.
0.2 more likely to induce a coma than a nightmare
0.5 Doomed to have its best scenes mistakenly remembered as parts of better movies.
0.4 [A] turd covered in tasty Ghirardelli chocolate - as soon as you sink your teeth in you know you've got mouthful of sweetened sh*t.
0.6 Commendable for its daring, unconventional vision of vampires, but its erratic pacing makes it a jarring experience that's hard to adjust to.
0.5 Pushes things into violent, hardcore territory all too similar to Danny Boyle's zombie-outbreak flick 28 Days Later and its 2007 sequel.
0.9 David Slade hasn't revolutionized the vampire genre, but he may make you wet your pants.
0.8 no amount of desensitization can prepare you for David Slade's chilling vampiric bloodbath. 30 Days of Night is relentlessly brutal horror with nary a comedic wisecracker in sight.
1.0 30 Days of Night grabs this hoary monster by the throat, pumps it full of the thick rich blood of life, and shoves it out to greet you, eat you, and coat you in glorious mists of red firing from oh-so-many newly exposed arterial sprays.
0.25 It's a blunderbuss satire that criminally wastes a talented cast.
0.5 In truckin' past so many fruitful oases, "Salvation Boulevard" is a bumpy road.
0.75 Salvation Boulevard wins exclusively on the strength of its cast.
0.625 [An] enjoyable if simplistic black comedy loosely based on a novel by Larry Beinhart.
0.5 It's quite funny at times and has some good performances. But it's so predictable it has no bite, either as social satire or as slapstick comedy.
0.8 Silly, predictable and as funny as the funny business of religion can be.
0.5 The movie seems to be intoxicated by how funny it thinks it is, gleefully descending into a swell of hyperactivity, with each new scene engineered to one-up the last.
0.4 Starts out on the right path, but loses its way early on.
0.875 A reasonably funny religious satire that takes potshots at easy targets but is quite watchable due to the participation of two Oscar winners and two Oscar nominees.
0.3 Without the humor, the stereotypes that define these characters aren't satirical; they're just mean-spirited and dull.
0.5 There is the inkling of a strong, interesting idea here ... but "Salvation Boulevard" is itself too loosely tethered to the actual world to make the point with the necessary vigor or acuity.
0.4 long on chutzpah but short on finesse
0.3 May have been complicated and chaotic on the page but it's reduced to a tedious film that makes no impact on screen.
0.2 Yet another slam on an amoral Fundamentalist preacher.
0.5 Despite the talents of Greg Kinnear, Pierce Brosnan, Marisa Tomei, Ed Harris, Jennifer Connelly, Ciaran Hinds, Yul Vazquez and Jim Gaffigan, "Salvation Boulevard" is far less than the sum of its fine, character-actor parts.
0.25 It's a stupid farrago of aborted ideas, misguided actors, lame direction, submental writing and follow-the-dots plotting that never comes anywhere within a 10-mile radius of what I used to call coherent filmmaking.
0.4 Only Tomei, as an ineffectual campus security guard and fellow Deadhead, makes a lasting impression.
0.25 Salvation Boulevard doesn't simply pander to its choir; it practically accosts it via all manner of grotesque characterizations and situations.
0.3 In this case, boredom is the deadliest sin.
0.5 A real missed opportunity.
0.75 Stylistically it's a beauty, with khaki-uniformed waifs fighting for their lives to a crashing classical score.
0.7 Awful deaths (and hysterical reactions to them) punctuate declarations of love and friendship, revelations of treachery and heavily armed expressions of angst.
0.8 Forgive the film its small flaws of histrionic performances and cheap execution for the giddy rush of its banal, Verhoevenesque atmosphere...
0.8 A wonderfully exciting, incredibly idiosyncratic actioner.
0.375 Maybe Battle Royale's ultimate punchline is its inexplicable ability to fool some people into taking it seriously.
1.0 Fukasaku's set pieces are dynamic, composed and edited with a neatness that is missing from the shaky-camera esthetic of the movie's successor, 'The Hunger Games.'
0.8 Battle Royale is a masterpiece of mayhem, violence and unfettered teen melodrama.
0.75 Battle Royale is The Hunger Games not diluted for young audiences.
1.0 It gets no points for subtlety, but this confronting, devastating, hilarious and extremely fun film is a masterpiece all in its own right.
1.0 A disturbing film to say the least, and definitely one that could never have been made in the United States.
1.0 A modern classic about the folly of violence.
0.8 Some will be uncomfortable or appalled, and the mix of humour and horror is uneasy, but this isn't a film you'll forget easily. And, seriously, what would you do?
0.8 Os intertitulos e o excesso de flashbacks comprometem um pouco o ritmo do filme, mas, de modo geral, a acao e muito bem conduzida e os personagens, satisfatoriamente desenvolvidos.
0.7 Une oeuvre faisant l'objet d'un veritable culte que l'on imagine mal voir sortir d'un studio d'Hollywood.
0.4 The basic storyline just isn't very good, and any attempt to say anything meaningful or moving is ham-fisted and obvious, which quite simply isn't good enough for a film as in-your-face as this.
0.7 As twisted as it sounds, killing off 41 teens takes a great deal of creativity and an innate sense of pacing in order to avoid, well, cinematic boredom.
0.8 BATTLE ROYALE is a film that should not be easily ignored, and will not be easily forgotten...the faces of those kids are likely to linger long after the credits stop.
0.4 'Battle Royale' is another deeply flawed addition to the deeply offensive phenomenon of 'reality TV'.
0.8 A hell of an action movie, an admission that makes me feel a little guilty.
0.8 Sharply written, bloody, and darkly funny, this is a cut above your usual exploitation fare.
0.75 Once it dropped a lot of its satirical baggage, I was able to stop considering it an important film, and start watching it as an entertaining one.
0.4 It's fascinating, tense and grisly... but a bit of a muddle really.
0.6 As usual, Fukasaku directs Battle Royale with force and conviction, even as the tone of the picture veers back and forth from unabashedly ludicrous to deadly serious.
0.8 This is a heart-stopping action film, teaching us the worthy lessons of discipline, teamwork, and determination, but wrapping them up in a deliberately provocative, shockingly violent package.
0.75 Catapults you from the cinema in a state of breathless disbelief.
0.5 Leave it to Disney to pass off the pilot of a made-for-cable series as a straight-to-tape sequel to a theatrical blockbuster.
0.4 Acaba revelando, em seu ato final, um esforco intrigante para surpreender o espectador, a esta altura, ja fomos obrigados a aguentar uma infinidade de dialogos desastrosos e sequencias frouxas de acao e pouco pode ser feito para salvar o filme.
0.3 Proefibikon prodiagrafon astynomiki peripeteia, me yperanalytiko epanalambanomeno senario anamenomenis plokis, tigka sta ftina kolpakia toy montaz gia petyhei ayto to cool binteoklipistiko
0.5 It's inexplicable that the filmmakers haven't given the stars many opportunities to pull out their celebrated skills en route to their inevitable head-on collision.
0.4 All together now: 'War! Hurgh! What is it it good for?'
0.2 Badly plotted, poorly directed action flick - it's no surprise this wasn't shown to critics before its release.
0.4 Like its leading men, War's got a few handy moves up its sleeve, but when the dust-ups clear it emerges underwritten and over-cranked.
0.166666666667 What is it good for? Absolutely nothing.
0.4 Li and Statham (and the audience) deserve better.
0.375 A cliff notes version of an action movie.
0.5 There is a lot of talent in front of the camera in this mess -- Statham, Li, Lone, Aoki, Luis Guzman, Saul Rubinek, and the always cool Sung Kang -- and they are all wasted. Those actors deserve a better movie. So does the audience.
0.4 First-time feature director Atwell clearly displays skills he picked up directing videos for Eminem and 50 Cent.
0.4 The story is threadbare...
0.625 If you want action and a convoluted plot, there's no need to wreak havoc. Let Jason Statham and Jet Li do that for you in "War."
0.3 This assignment may have provided Statham a decent payday, but it's not his shining hour.
0.5 Not exactly the Jet Li/Jason Statham battle royale we had been promised.
0.4 If it weren't for the last act, the film would have ended up being just as functional as any cheesy action film from the 80s.
0.375 Rent a John Woo movie instead.
0.25 Not so much a narrative as a barrage of violent images designed to beat the brain into abject surrender.
0.375 There isn't enough humor in the script and not enough style in the direction by newcomer Philip G. Atwell. A few plot twists keep things interesting, but the best ones come long after anyone could possibly care.
0.3 Building to a climactic twist as arbitrary as it is unsatisfying, WarK ties itself in knots trying to bring something new to a stale formula. It's never painful to watch, but that's only because it provokes no feeling at all.
0.4 Most regrettably, War squanders the considerable merits of its leads.
0.25 No one who's witnessed any of the graceful yet blistering combat in the Bourne movies should stand for action sequences that look like they've been edited by an Uzi.
0.5 could suffice as entertainment in a lot of low-expectation venues
0.3 If you've seen the trailer, then you've already seen a much more entertaining version of War.
0.25 War, what is it good for? Unh! Absolutely nothin'!
0.625 This isn't great cinema, but it adequately fills a niche. Those who like their action loud and bloody won't be disappointed. There's a high body count and lots of explosions and, for some, that's what this is all about.
0.375 War is largely a yawner.
0.57 A generic action flick made much worse by a couple of ridiculous plot twists that are disingenuous and a total rip-off, ruining what little fun it otherwise would have been.
0.375 War is the Heat of cheesy Ameri-Euro-Asian kung-fu cop-crook movies.
0.625 It all looks pretty good, and delivers exactly what it promises.
0.4 Statham and Li never really fight, except for thirty seconds or so of half-hearted punches.
0.75 All-the-way-through good, from explosive start to bloody finish, without so much as a momentary lag in the action or the story.
0.6 Sound effects: blam! blam! blam! blam, blam! blam! blam! blam! blam!!! -- well, you get the picture.
0.375 Li...spends most of his time shooting a gun with what are usually much more ingeniously employed hands.
0.375 It's the ultimate showdown between cliche and more cliche.
0.5 ...War's relentlessly over-the-top visuals and hopelessly convoluted storyline ensure that it generally comes off as yet another needless entry within an exceedingly tired genre.
0.25 An irrelevant, joyless bore.
1.0 Unflinchingly nasty, graphic and gut-wrenchingly powerful, Snowtown is a film that dares you to look away, but compels you to keep watching. As portraits of serial killers go, this deserves to be hung on the wall next to Henry.
0.8 The grimy social realism and gurgling torture scenes place director Justin Kurzel's startling debut midway between Animal Kingdom and Henry: Portrait of a Serial Killer.
0.875 The film is a chilling study of an evil, dominant personality and his victims.
0.6 It has no particular observations about the mind of psychopaths that is worth the incredibly nasty feeling you get from sitting through its incredibly grim two hours.
0.6 Although it builds quiet, thick suspense and lacks the bravado and sensationalism of most films of the genre, that doesn't always work to its advantage.
0.375 Overlong and grim to the point where some scenes are virtually unwatchable...
0.7 This distressing infiltration of a family of young boys by a charismatic psychopath rewards with a stylistic talent that feels entirely new.
0.7 the ghastly glee of The Snowtown Murders comes not in the kills, but in the stalking of one's true prey.
0.8 The Snowtown Murders builds into a multipronged horror effort in which the torture and murder on-screen are matched by the psychologically convincing disintegration of a previously sympathetic protagonist.
0.6 A movie that heaps so much dank atmosphere on its suburbanites, you can't help but sigh with relief when events turn to serial killing (finally?).
0.625 Whatever one ends up thinking about The Snowtown Murders, it's difficult to deny that it's a deeply impressive work.
1.0 Layer in the realisation that what you are seeing actually happened and the result takes you beyond disturbing into that place where your skin starts to creep and your brain crawls into the foetal position.
1.0 It's mesmerising in the way a snake mesmerises its prey before striking.
0.6 It's the escalating sense of claustrophobia and dread that really crawls under the skin: with grimy visuals and a pulsating soundtrack proving particularly powerful in the by and large sensitively handled killing scenes.
0.8 Snowtown offers a bleak, brutal exploration of the way morality can be skewed and innocence corrupted by neglect, hardship ... and the presence of a charismatic psychopath.
0.8 A true story told with rare skill by a new director from whom a great deal more will be heard.
0.4 However disquieting the film (based on the story of Australia's worst serial killer, John Bunting), it's also - inconveniently - awfully boring.
0.6 It's slow but atmospheric and memorable.
1.0 Snowtown presents a world of moral nightmare and sits us right inside it, to feel the pulse and processes of evil as if they were our own.
1.0 It's one of the most disturbing movies of our moment, not just for the true-crime subject, but because Kurzel's searing technique and expertise with actors get so far under your skin.
0.6 Thought provoking, but leeringly nasty and deeply unsettling. This is one that will linger with you for days.
0.8 This oppressive account is one of the most effective and uncompromising horrors of human essence of recent years - a powerful testament to the talents of all involved.
0.8 It reminded me, oddly, of Richard Fleischer's sordid history of John Christie in 10 Rillington Place - here is the killer; here is his shabby habitat, and here are his crimes.
0.8 Powerfully directed and superbly written, this is a genuinely disturbing, emotionally draining serial killer drama with a stunning central performance from Daniel Henshall.
0.6 Snowtown brings cold comfort.
0.8 'Snowtown' is an uncomfortable film to watch, but its sickening suburban horror is made bearable by Kurzel's rigorous restraint...
0.8 Grimly credible, and with more than a few flashes of brilliance, this is a highly impressive, upsetting debut. Just be warned - its chief currency is cold, numbing horror.
0.8 Its grimly realistic style may be off-putting to some viewers, but this is a convincing and effective portrayal of a serial killer.
0.8 Terrific performances, especially from the menacing, lazily charismatic Henshall, and debut director Kurzel's expressionist storytelling make for an Aussie film well worth hunting down.
0.7 This grim Aussie thriller derives unnerving power from the unspoken truths during tense silences, ominously closing doors that seal fates, and the disturbing banality of evil.
1.0 Snowtown is an absolutely mesmerising, uncompromising crime-movie masterpiece. Understated in style, chilling in effect, devastating in impact...one of the most unnerving serial killer films ever made.
0.9 Definitely, and defiantly, Australia's Next Great Film, and the scariest it has ever produced.
0.8 A gut-wrenching authenticity and damaged grace that cannot be denied.
0.7 Snowtown is an extreme exercise in Australian miserablism designed to demonstrate how toxic ideas spread like a plague in vulnerable communities to manifest in the most horrific way possible.
0.8 Few films can rightfully claim to offer its audience the opportunity to spend a couple hours in the bowels of hell, but Justin Kurzel might as well print up t-shirts saying as much to promote his feature film debut, Snowtown.
1.0 An incredible piece of cinema and a devastating, poetic work of storytelling, Snowtown is unmissable.
0.7 Uncompromising and distressing, Snowtown delves into the grizzly events of Australia's worst serial murders, while exploring the slippery slope of vigilante justice within a community left to the wolves.
0.7 Sitting through Snowtown is a kind of torture in itself. This isn't really a movie you enjoy watching; it's a movie you subject yourself to and must endure.
0.5 A mildly intriguing, yet ultimately detached and pitiless portrait of psychopathy.
0.7 Snowtown mines similar territory to Rowan Woods' seminal The Boys, in its exploration of very bad deeds born of pressure cooker family dysfunction and machismo.
0.3 Dylan Dog: Dead Of Night is a fun comedy/horror whodunnit with a supernatural twist. It delivers plenty of movie fun too, just like those campy 80's monster flicks.
0.4 Fun performances from Routh and Huntington can't make up for an extremely convoluted and mostly soulless story -- even when there's a giant zombie running around.
0.4 A pointless, very loose adaptation of the popular Italian comic that plays like a bad episode of Buffy.
0.6 Dylan Dog works best when it has fun with P.I. conventions; when the monsters take over, it goes downhill.
0.25 The movie wants to be a combination film noir and horror comedy, but the timing is all off and the performances are flat across the board.
0.6 the whole shebang plays out like a twisted Murder She Wrote episode
0.5 ...a disappointingly lifeless adaptation...
0.0 Entirely derivative and utterly wretched.
0.1 There's one fight scene involving a rope and a pulley that briefly lifts the general torpor, but as soon as that's over, it's back to snoozeville.
0.0 Everybody else will have a better time revisiting Monster Squad or falling asleep.
0.1 Even if the whole vampires vs. werewolves thing hadn't already been done to un-death by True Blood and the Twilight and Underworld franchises, Dylan Dog would still be a crushingly dull 107 minutes.
0.4 For having such an inspired start, the movie feels oddly uninspired.
0.3 Director Munroe is clearly a fan and attempted his best on an admittedly limited budget, but some things just don't translate that well.
0.4 The story is even staler (and the production cheesier) than the jokes ...
0.4 It's not so much that Dylan Dog is bad -- certainly nowhere near as bad as is being claimed -- it's that it's so completely inconsequential.
0.3 Out of nowhere comes Brandon Routh and into nowhere he returns.
0.4 If you are looking for a great horror comedy as a quick fix, check out THE FRIGHTENERS, BEETLEJUICE or even the cinematic take on BUFFY THE VAMPIRE SLAYER, you'll be a happier and healthier person for it.
0.3 Anne Rice meets R.L. Stine. No, that's not a compliment.
0.3 In the future, filmmakers will once again produce fun, entertaining and original films about vampires, werewolves and zombies. But until then, Dylan Dog: Dead of Night argues for a moratorium on movies about these three terrible creatures.
0.5 While he's fine playing bemused and beleaguered, Routh can't muster the edginess that Dylan is also meant to have. Diggs looks fabulous, but has his own problems with the dangerous stuff.
0.5 has the overriding sense of going through the motions, with only a few moments of genuinely effective humor
0.25 With terrible acting, a narrative on autopilot and chaotic blurs passing for action scenes, it's a direct-to-DVD caliber sojourn through the dregs of comic book adaptation.
0.3 Brings vampires, werewolves, zombies, detective noir and spoofy comedy together for a murky genre gumbo with barely any flavor.
0.5 Don't worry if you're not familiar with the obscure source material. There are plenty of other sources of disappointment to be found in director Kevin Munroe's B-movie mess.
0.25 As the title character, Routh has to carry the movie with bravado and charm, appearing in most every scene, narrating in the style of a hundred film noir private eyes. And he just doesn't have it.
0.5 ...suffers from many of the same problems that one tends to associate with low-budget efforts of this ilk...
0.6 A guilty pleasure film that is more fun than it deserves to be.
0.6 Colombiana contains some thrilling scenes as well as an interesting sense of twisted humor, but there's not enough here to really keep us engaged.
0.375 Laugh out loud exploitation...See Zoe shoot. See Zoe kill. See Zoe strip (PG-13 style)
0.4 Colombiana is caught somewhere in the middle of an engaging character drama and a brainless action extravaganza.
0.625 With a tighter story and structure, most of the film's problems could have been easily fixed, resulting in a film that doesn't feel like a build-up of superfluous events.
0.625 Ranks as one of the more eco- and econ-friendly projects of recent memory, what with producer/co-writer Luc Besson recycling many elements from his prior successes.
0.5 The action set pieces are elaborately staged and sometimes exciting, but the dull script, overcooked direction and wonky editing damage this otherwise enjoyable B-movie.
0.625 A fast-paced tale of revenge, 'Colombiana' is a better-than-average actioner made all the more interesting by its female lead. Zoe Saldana ('Star Trek' and 'Avatar') follows the path of 'Hanna' and 'Salt' as a tough-as-nails assassin.
0.375 The latest disappointing actioner from producer Luc Besson...
0.6 click for full review at Movies for the Masses
0.6 Overall, the movie has enough clever chases, break-ins, and escapes -- not to mention a sweet, small tragic romance -- to make it worthwhile, but this isn't one of Besson's stronger efforts.
0.2 Colombiana has one true asset -- the seminude sight of its star, Zoe Saldana -- and milks it for everything it's worth.
0.4 A cynical mash-up of Besson's Leon and Nikita, though without their depth of character or emotional warmth.
0.4 Half the dialogue between these dirtbags is devoted to her near-invisibility, and all of it's awful: "She's like mist," apparently.
0.4 You'll find yourself laughing, then realise that it's not meant to be funny.
0.4 Even the talented Saldana can't make a silk purse out of a sow's ear - much less a dog's dinner.
0.4 Occasionally enjoyable in a silly way, but I have to say Besson's preoccupation with the little-girl-becomes-killer trope is looking a little unwholesome.
0.4 Saldana has star quality and action chops but the script is laughable and boring.
0.6 Colombiana wants to be Bourne with boobs, but its connect-the-dots narrative and silted script means it can't quite reach those bone-crunching heights.
0.4 A far-fetched disappointment considering it was co-written by Luc Besson, the director of Leon.
0.5 It makes virtually no sense if you think about it, and the writing and direction are mostly incoherent. But it's also guilty good fun.
0.5 The movie delivers slam-bang action, so much so that we're reminded that movies have to MOVE to carry us along, and with 'Columbiana,' we're along for the ride, baby.
0.4 Tiresome and unconvincing.
0.4 With no sense of humour and long lulls between action, director Megaton appears primarily concerned with coming up with as many different ways as possible of getting Saldana down to her skimpies.
0.4 Poorly directed and badly written, this is a disappointing and increasingly bloated thriller that fails to sustain any actual thrills, despite a decent early set piece and a solid turn from Zoe Saldana.
0.625 The promise of the borderline-priceless early scenes with Amandla Stenberg as the 10-year-old Cataleya aren't quite fulfilled by the more predictable set pieces with the adult assassin.
0.4 ... predictable from first frame to last.
0.2 Colombiana, despite its many explosions and some howlingly wooden dialogue, is an eminently forgettable actioner.
0.4 The movie is like a lady who can't choose between two suitors: the campy and fun one, or the serious and cliche one.
0.5 A generic time killer that doesn't leave any kind of lasting impression.
0.75 Director Olivier Megaton has mastered the art of balancing absurdity with conviction, both in his montages and his choices on the soundtrack.
0.5 Saldana is in a Jolie mood and shows what a tough gal she can be. What we never get is enough knowledge of her character.
0.5 Wrapped in B-movie trappings from its cliched script and implausible scenarios to less than thrilling action, the best thing Colombiana has going for it is the lovely Ms. Saldana, who deserves much better than this.
0.625 Colombiana isn't the last word in action movies, but it's a fun ride.
0.5 Megaton blows things up, demolishes a fruit market, and throws in some parkour foot-chases as if he's completing a checklist.
0.625 Colombiana isn't completely dreadful, if you ignore the holes in its Swiss cheese of a plot.
0.375 When shortly into the film, Cataleya is escaping from a jail cell through an unsecured ventilation vent large enough for a person to easily fit through and that leads to the outside, I knew we were in trouble.
0.625 Luc Besson's pulp-fiction assembly line churns out another adequate ass-kicker with Colombiana, which boasts many of the French producer-director's favorite tropes.
0.6 Oozing female empowerment, acrobatic Zoe Saldana is the new action star to watch.
0.375 It desperately wants us to feel for Cataleya's lonely lot in life, especially when it trots out Johnny Cash's cover of "Hurt." But if it can't even spell the word "personal" correctly in its end credits, how can it possibly understand the definition?
0.2 There's a reason this clunker is being buried at the end of August and wasn't screened for most critics -- it shouldn't screen for most audiences either.
0.55 There have been some successes in the last few years following Besson's formula of stale dialogue, light character and strong action. But there have been far more misses than hits. Colombiana doesn't even stand out among those.
0.5 Deprived of details, Megaton expects us to subsist on action alone, but it's not enough to fill the void left by the absence of story.
0.625 The best way to describe the action packed film 'Colombiana' is to say to that it's mindless, unpretentious, very stylized, and entertaining. It's your typical B film brought to the big screen by the power and influence of Luc Besson.
0.5 escapism as exaggeration
0.125 Luc Besson keeps ralphing up scripts about beautiful lady killers, but that doesn't mean you have to keep seeing them.
0.6 Zoe Saldana makes being an action hero look so easy in "Colombiana," you have to wonder why more actresses don't try it.
0.5 Luc Besson has decided to make one for the girls.
0.5 There's little to no care paid to anything outside of three or four action sequences -- and those will look just as good on home video. In five weeks.
0.625 This is a showy flower of an action film. Saldana doesn't get much of a chance to emote, but her action skills blossom.
0.4 There are some early comic moments that have you laughing along with the movie, but eventually the clashing tones and preposterousness just have you laughing.
0.7 All killers should look this good doing their dirty work. It'd be a better world.
0.7 Is Saldana the new Schwarzenegger, only leaner, meaner and much better looking in spandex? I think so.
0.75 Along with a spectacularly physical performance by Zaldana, Colombiana features some of the best frame-for-frame shots you will see this year.
0.7 As a solidly entertaining piece of trashy exploitation its only drawback is a PG-13 rating.
0.5 While most action films fall apart because they succumb to stupidity, Colombiana suffers most because it tries to be too smart.
0.625 For the most part, it's all big and silly, but at least it's enjoyably staged and crafted.
0.2 You have to give Contaminated Man credit for laying its cards on the table: as you might have guessed from the title, it is indeed about a contaminated man.
0.9 One of the best horror-thrillers of the classic era, and a massively inspirational piece of cinema.
0.8 ...[a] demonic clockwork thriller.
0.875 With barely any music, Clouzot unfolds the action with precision timing and suspense, culminating in one of the cinema's first and most memorable twist endings ever.
1.0 set the bar high in terms of both its murderous, yet sympathetic characters and its tense scenario that mixes the conventional thriller elements of lust, jealousy, and homicide with the possibility of supernatural horror
0.8 Still riveting stuff, beautifully acted out by Simone Signoret and Vera Clouzot, the director's wife.
1.0 It's a diabolical masterpiece.
1.0 Satisfying, elegant and nasty.
1.0 This is a masterpiece that easily matches the best of Hitchcock.
1.0 The ending, much copied, is justly famous. But it's the implacable build-up that seals its classic status...
1.0 Delectable suspense with a grand payoff.
1.0 First-class all the way (unlike the Sharon Stone remake)
0.86 Avoids formulas, instead opting to take the audience down the same windy, confusing roads that the characters travel.
0.9 A bitter chiller. One of the most suspenseful films ever made.
0.75 ...[contains] some incredibly satisfying moments and a twist ending that's almost impossible to guess.
1.0 This is one of the dandiest mystery dramas that has shown here in goodness knows when.
0.8 One of the scariest moments ever.
0.8 Everything that you need from a suspense thriller.
0.625 It has the look and feel of one of the original Hitchcock movies from the 30s.
0.85 A scary movie in the spirit of Alfred Hitchcock's Psycho, and while it isn't as well known, it's just as chilling.
0.875 [Creates] a diabolical double-reverse plot that keeps the audience guessing right up to the thoroughly implausible final scene.
1.0 With a deliciously curvy and complex plot, Diabolique is a masterpiece of suspense -- as accomplished as anything done by Hitchcock.
1.0 one of the best remakes ever
0.6 It was always going to be hard to better Don Siegel's 1956 classic, and if director Philip Kaufman doesn't quite succeed, he does manage to summon up an equally chilling air of paranoia.
0.875 This terrific remake never lets the audience forget that it should be frightened.
0.9 Very entertaining, and despite the by now over familiar-plot, pleasantly suspenseful.
1.0 one of the great sci-fi horrorshows, a movie that gooses you with its premise, makes you laugh and jump, and ultimately leaves you with something you can't quite shake
0.8 On top of being an engrossing conspiracy thriller in step with the gritty urban tales of the time, the Invasion of the Body Snatchers is also a genuinely creepy film which slyly suggests there is something sinister beneath the surface.
0.9 If not quite as great as its predecessor, still a pretty damn fine genre picture.
1.0 A superior sci-fi thriller that makes even raindrops, plants and electrical cords take on sinister life.
0.625 The film collapses midway -- because of unsure and sloppy direction, splintered story continuity, and the overacting of Adams, Cartwright, and others.
0.8 Not as terrifying as the original, but still a shocker.
0.875 A cerebral and suspenseful film of foreboding atmosphere. On a short list of truly outstanding remakes.
0.8 utterly chilling
0.6 Scary at the time, campy fun now
0.8 Inspired remake of 1950s classic
0.8 Good remake of the 1956 film with direction that bogs in superfluous touches.
0.8 Ending still freaks me out. I'm serious, even twenty-five years later. Stop laughing at me.
1.0 This will read less like a review and more like a valentine, but this is a very, very special film, a forgotten classic of the '70s cinema.
0.8 The dog with a human head rocks!
0.91 ...what if the mask of your neighbor tilts for a second and you catch a glimpse of the riot going on behind his face?
0.6 Deve ser encarado como aquilo que realmente e: um terrorzinho-ficcao cientifica descomprometido com a logica e preocupado em manter o publico acordado por 2 horas.
1.0 The screenplay by W.D. Richter builds at a deliberate pace, and within the first half hour we're already disturbed by the almost imperceptible behavior of those who have been snatched.
0.8 [Kaufman] weaves an increasingly sinister cityscape through prowling camerawork and a highly effective stereo score.
0.875 Personally I think this version to be superior to the original and to be much underrated by both critics and audiences.
0.8 For once, a great remake, smartly executed. Great performances and a killing ending that will stay with you forever can't hurt, either.
1.0 Beneath pointed dialogue, perceptive character development and tense plot twists, the movie plays like a breakpoint in our journey towards complete voyeurism.
1.0 Hitchcock masterpiece stars peeping Jimmy Stewart.
0.94 In this brilliant movie about watching the neighbors, Alfred Hitchcock turns the lens on his audience. "We have become a race of Peeping Toms," notes one character not only commenting on Jeff's obsessive voyeurism but also that of the cinematic spectator.
1.0 As close to 'perfect' as a film is likely to get.
0.86 a taut and (verbally) jaunty thriller
0.875 ...the film surely remains one of the most memorable and downright essential examples of the slow-burn thriller genre.
1.0 hitchcock perfection
1.0 Don't resist the urge -- steal a peek at it now, and be reminded why Hitchcock is still without equal in the clammy thrills department.
0.9 Restored Hitchcock thriller charms, chills and sparkles.
1.0 What a great movie.
1.0 A stellar film.
1.0 ...see Rear Window, if you haven't already, for [Grace] Kelly's sensual, slo-mo entrance...
0.9 ...one of Hitchcock's most-successful screen works and an easy recommendation for any DVD library.
1.0 Not only is Alfred Hitchcock's Rear Window one of his best pictures, it's one of the best films ever made altogether.
1.0 One of the film's early ad campaigns read, 'If you do not experience delicious terror when you see Rear Window, then pinch yourself--you are most probably dead.'
1.0 Hitchcock made more than a half-dozen films that lesser directors would gladly claim as a masterpiece. None surpasses the suspense, romance, wit and wisdom of Rear Window.
0.93 Interesting and fun from the start.
1.0 Rear Window lovingly invests in suspense all through the film, banking it in our memory, so that when the final payoff arrives, the whole film has been the thriller equivalent of foreplay.
1.0 In an impressive oeuvre, Rear Window is arguably the most exquisitely handcrafted feature, because Hitchcock mastered the spatial as well as behavioral coordinates of his chosen universe inch by inch.
1.0 What results is, in essence, one of the greatest films ever made.
1.0 Masterpiece!
1.0 A cinematic treasure!
1.0 One of the finest ever committed to celluloid!
1.0 The most provocative meditation on moviegoing ever made.
1.0 Since the 1954 Alfred Hitchcock classic is all about the voyeuristic instinct, the better the view, the more sensational the experience.
1.0 A brilliant idea for a movie.
1.0 voyeuristic mystery is a masterpiece of meticulous detail.
0.9 [This] 1954 thriller, often cited as one of the greatest films ever made, could be seen as some kind of ode to voyeurism.
1.0 For some real voyeuristic thrills, one cannot do better than Universal's sparkling remaster of Alfred Hitchcock's timeless (that is, aside from the dated, soundstagey production design) 1954 classic.
1.0 The director's most accomplished film.
1.0 Its appeal, which goes beyond that of other, equally masterly Hitchcock works, remains undiminished.
0.7 There's a genuine sophistication, both technically and thematically, to what Park is doing in Sympathy For Mr. Vengeance.
0.7 Executed with style and it sets up a situation that provides some food for thought.
0.875 The best way to describe it is as the work of an artist -- director Chanwook Park -- who possesses both a conscience and a burning desire to use images to tell stories.
0.75 Park prizes craftsmanship over bargain-bin schlock. It's an odd testament to his spiritedness that, despite the coldblooded killing and trail of the dead, Mr. Vengeance feels warmly suffused with life.
0.6 The movie begins as a tragic tale of sacrifice and love... intense and understandably moving. It gets a little less interesting when it turns into a gore-fest.
0.7 Fun, up to a point, but once it crosses its own internal Rubicon it becomes downright horrific, with blood and torture and the vertiginous sense of being unable to wake from a particularly arresting nightmare.
0.625 It is a worthy start to a trilogy and to a director who is fast establishing himself as a new light in Asian cinema.
0.875 It's not a new idea, that violence destroys everyone, no matter the 'righteousness' of their cause. But it's one worth relearning.
0.375 While there's no denying that Park has strong visual skills, his content so far is in appalling bad taste.
0.5 There's powerful drama in watching Ryu and Dong-Jin take their inevitable paths toward destruction, but not enough to mitigate the stomach-turning luridness along those paths.
0.75 Park's juvenile obsession with blatant gross-outs belies his many talents.
0.5 Promises to be a stylish, resonant plunge into the dark waters of despair and revenge but ends up amusing itself with ostentatious shocks.
0.625 It's all a little ultra-cool for me. Shakespeare was right. Revenge is a dish best served ice-cold, not cool.
0.75 Park pays most of his attention to visceral style, but he sketches in enough about his characters to make them frighteningly relatable.
0.25 So bloody, scatologically violent and consistently shocking, it seems to have no larger purpose than itself -- which is pretty grim.
0.4 Two hours that didn't entertain much, thrill much or do much of anything...much.
0.625 Somehow you'd be more won over by his anti-revenge case if he didn't seem to be having such a good time making it.
0.86 SFMV is a cinematic tour de force, if an unrelentingly cruel one.
0.75 An intense, viscerally charged thriller that stays with you.
0.7 Slow pace and the lack of clear definition between good and bad makes it a less immediate effort than Oldboy.
0.8 It's a hauntingly original film in which the seeds of Park's even more audacious Oldboy (2003) are clearly evident.
0.75 You'll likely be repulsed by much of Park's vision, but, as somebody once said: no pain, no gain.
0.875 You can't look away, not only because the carnage is so masterfully photographed, but because the director sucks you into his bleak, poetic, even sensible vision of cosmic brutality.
0.75 Lucidly [explores] the grey-area complexities of guilt, morality, and the reactionary justifications that lead humane people to seek unspeakable retribution.
0.9 Park is the most exciting filmmaker to burst into my conscience in the last few years.
0.4 vainly attempts to imbue foulness with socio-political subtext
0.8 Sympathy for Mr. Vengeance is a stylish bloodbath relieved by shafts of dark humor.
0.4 There is so much talent on display in Park Chanwook's Sympathy for Mr. Vengeance, it is a drag that the film never rises to the level of its director's obvious ability.
1.0 Do roteiro moralmente complexo aos quadros impecaveis e repletos de significado concebidos por Park, este filme revela-se uma absoluta obra-prima.
0.4 The end result is a forgettable movie, notable only for its copious gore and bloodletting.
0.375 A daisy wheel of revenge-fueled gore speciously intercut with delusions of social commentary.
0.875 These are visions from among the dark recesses of the mind, shoved in our faces with ruthless imagination. Even beauty.
0.625 There's no flow or rhythm, and sometimes it feels like scenes are missing.
0.8 Brutally nihilistic, this is one of the best Korean films to have hit these shores in a very long time.
0.65 Doesn't have the gritty feel of 'Terminator' or the sleek cutting edge of technology look of 'Judgment Day,' but it's a decent addition to the Terminator mythos.
0.3 There are bad sequels that still work as movies, basically. T3 doesn't even do that: it isn't a good action film, and isn't a good science fiction film.
0.8 Basically one long, exciting chase scene.
0.75 With splashy digital effects and punchy stuntwork, the solid T3 slides along enjoyably, but doesn't have the impeccable story and visual design of the previous entry.
0.68 Terminator 3: Rise of the Machines is without a doubt the weakest entry in an otherwise beloved trilogy, but let's be honest, T3 was doomed from the very day franchise creator James Cameron decided to pass on it.
0.4 T3 has the sour, depressive vibe of an untested director submitting to a predetermined mythology not his own.
0.75 That Rise of The Machines is a genuinely good, thoughtful action flick has to register as a surprise...
0.625 The Terminator franchise has developed to the point where simple genre pleasures just aren't enough.
0.5 '... T3 [is] a tease, and not a very good one at that.'
0.75 Until the gutsy ending, there doesn&#8217;t seem to be much of a reason for this movie to have been made. And damn if it&#8217;s not fun to watch.
0.6 Maybe it's time to terminate the series for good.
0.7 ...entertaining for the moment, exciting, even exhilarating in parts, but ultimately it's an empty exercise in fuss and bother that leaves one strangely dissatisfied.
0.75 'Mostow logra una cinta llena de accion, con buenos efectos especiales que no decepciona ni al mas clavado fanatico de la franquicia.'
0.85 Easily the most satisfying action film of a year overloaded with disappointing sequels.
0.7 Mostow makes the movie zip, and just because it isn't Deep Thoughts doesn't mean it isn't enjoyable.
0.25 What sickness in the filmmakers inspired them to go ahead and make this TV movie sludge instead of doing some kind of stab at creating the feel of a "Terminator" film?
0.8 It's just darn good fun to see Arnie back in action.
0.6 Em retrospecto, acaba prejudicando seus antecessores.
0.875 It left me feeling giddy like a kid at a carnival.
0.6 It's a slick, smooth and indeed explosive instalment, but it has neither the spit and polish of T2 nor the grittiness of the cult hit T1.
0.875 ...Cameron set an incredibly high standard for this series, and Mostow has to be commended for staying true to the themes and ideas established in the first two flicks...
0.75 Jonathan Mostow's T3 is a spectacular addition to the franchise.
0.4 A chaotic mess, saddled with its own utter meaninglessness and afflicted by the need to be bigger-better-faster-more.
0.9 Sporting sequences that make the Matrix Reloaded and Hulk feel like Sunday morning cheesefest cartoons, it's a blockbuster that'll leave you begging for more
0.8 A worthwhile return to the saga, but more importantly, it's just darn good fun to see Arnie back in action.
0.875 When you leave the theater, you'll be pumped full of adrenaline without a hint of the buyer's remorse that you've felt so often this summer.
0.625 A skillful but spiritless thrill machine, T3 makes a good case for why James Cameron and company perhaps didn't envision a trilogy.
0.6 I can't say it made me anxious for another sequel. Pragmatically speaking, however, a T4 might serve to keep Arnold on the screen and out of politics. Now, there's something to be said for that.
0.8 Highly superfluous, but equally entertaining. Terminator fans, we got lucky with this one - I doubt we'll be so fortunate when the aging Arnold eventually creaks his way through T4: HIP REPLACEMENT DAY
0.625 However - as good as the effects and stunts are - "T-3" is lacking a really great story line to balance out the film.
0.6 Now, The Terminator is a Governor I could rally around!
0.75 ... satisfying.
0.8 I don't know if the film's relentless violence and gore will help Schwarzenegger's nascent campaign for governor of California, but all the action should please the many Terminator fans.
0.75 Terminator 3: Rise of the Machines tells the simple yet compelling story of a very old piece of equipment that refuses to go away. Its name is Arnold Schwarzenegger, and, as famously promised, he's back, and at his anticharismatic best, too.
0.875 In the action department, James Cameron is a God. So save for a few choice fanatics, Jonathan Mostow could then be Jesus.
0.6 A lean, efficient, amusing action picture, T3 isn't a patch on its predecessors, but delivers polished genre entertainment nonetheless.
0.9 Terminator 3 has guts.
0.5 Terminator 3: Rise of the Machines unfolds as a thrilling piece of entertainment, but it has a third act and ending that don't work and shouldn't ever work.
0.875 In terms of summer movie action, Terminator 3 kicks The Matrix Reloaded's ***.
0.875 Among the minefield of paradoxes and contradictions in 'Terminator 3: Rise of the Machines,' one strikes with deadly accuracy: This is a summer sequel Stanley Kubrick would have loved.
0.75 The sequel expands on the nature of fate that the previous pictures explored so well, culminating in a rather bold third act where saving the day takes on a more unconventional meaning.
0.8 Un vrai film d'ete, efficace et divertissant.
0.7 Terminator 3: Rise of the Machines overhauls the original straight-faced tone of the series and tries hard to deliver the granddaddy of popcorn films.
0.6 A strong cast and new director Jonathan Mostow's chaotic sense of action keep this hard-to-terminate saga moving forward with at least a few of the old guns blazing.
0.5 A well-made but empty spectacle that is missing dread, thrills, and, most importantly, variation.
0.7 there's more that works here, than doesn't. Arnie, The script, the cast, the pulsating music score, the direction....there's a lot to be proud of.
0.5 A sizable quotient of the movie's target audience just wants to see stuff destroyed, and in that regard Rise of the Machines won't disappoint.
0.8 Blatantly opportunistic sequel has plot holes, logic problems, minimal innovation ... and a fistful of block-rockin' action.
0.75 This juiced-up futuristic fable is delightfully on maximum overdrive and Arnold S. does what he does best-deliver his brand of robotic ribaldry with the precision of an extremely well-oiled machine.
0.375 "Terminator 3: Rise of the Machines" might be considered just as damaging to Arnold Schwarzenegger's impending political career as Watergate was for Nixon's.
0.9 A big fun love letter to the first two movies, and worth the wait. But I am a sucker for the Terminator.
0.75 Terminator 3 breaks the third-strike mold thanks to a pair of talented young actors, high-octane action sequences and an aging Austrian who can still hold his own.
0.75 ...a sturdy, reliable entry in the Arnold Schwarzenegger science-fiction series -- a lot like the stomping cyborg the star plays.
0.75 It's a sick kick to watch der Arnold battle a Swiss Army knife shaped like a Maxim cover girl.
0.67 What you make of it depends pretty much entirely on whether or not you can deal with a movie as lopsidedly one-dimensional as this one.
0.75 Arnold is at the top of his game in Terminator 3.
0.75 Terminator 3: Rise of the Machines may lack the mythic pow of the 1984 original and the visionary thrill of T2, but it's a potent popcorn movie that digs in its hooks and doesn't let go until an ending that ODs on apocalyptic hoo-ha.
1.0 The coolest summer blockbuster you could wish for!
0.75 ... the newest installment of "The Terminator" aims at nothing less than propelling the franchise in a new direction... better than the original "Terminator" in everything but concept.
0.5 The only real novelty this time is the gender twist added to the central conflict, with a male hero menaced by a female android.
1.0 Terminator 3; Rise of the Machines is friggin' awesome!
0.625 Mostow's done a competent job; but before you get all excited, let's not confuse the word "Competent" with the words "Complex," "Credible," or even "Complete."
0.5 T3 is like an epic from days gone by - they should prop up Arnold on a giant Sphinx next to Elizabeth Taylor and roll them through ancient Egypt together.
0.75 Hey, he SAID he'd be baaahck.
0.75 Unlike the first two movies, this one doesn't bear the directorial mark of James Cameron, but it still manages to deliver heart-pounding suspense and dark science-fiction vision of a world destroyed.
0.5 There's a flat feeling about this effort that's unmistakable and inescapable.
0.75 Director Jonathan Mostow doesn't try to incorporate the high-wire special effects now in vogue, and T3's impressive gravity-bound set pieces seem refreshingly rooted in reality.
0.875 A smashing example of bravura filmmaking.
0.7 This is the filmed equivalent of fan fiction -- consistently mindful of a mythos from which it dares not deviate.
0.75 If Rise of the Machines never feels as essential as the first two movies, it doesn't feel like a rip-off, either.
0.625 T3 is easily the loudest film ever made. It's also the best $175 million B-movie in history, a distinction that rings as hollow as you might expect.
0.75 In the end this third entry leaves you thinking. And a little disturbed.
0.625 A pretty decent thrill ride.
0.625 Terminator 3: Rise of the Machines achieves neither the cult tang of the original nor the spectacular melding of FX to a gripping story that T2 did so well.
0.5 Terminator 3 does a reasonable job of generating suspense from time to time, but the emotional involvement does not reach nearly the same level as the previous films.
0.625 What is missing from Terminator 3 is the relentless inventiveness Cameron brought to the first two Terminator films.
0.4 Maybe they should've sent a robot back in time to force Cameron and company to direct this film.
0.625 T3 should satisfy most action junkies. The various chases, explosions and wrecks are a paean to the efforts of the stunt and effects personnel.
0.875 Endlessly riveting, bolstered with comic relief but by no means perfect.
0.875 Jonathan Mostow stays true to the '80s popcorn actioner opus here both in storytelling and style, yet his updated special effects add a subtly modern element to the pic.
0.4 What starts as familiarity in Terminator 3: Rise of the Machines quickly becomes diminishing returns.
0.7 This doesn't make a lot of sense, but who needs plot continuity when there's Claire Danes?
0.4 They made a clone, but left behind the soul -- T3 is T2 without the heart, spirit, and humanity.
0.8 What has always made the Terminator movies stand out from other sci-fi/action flicks is the human drama and the fight against one's fate.
0.7 Certainly of a higher caliber than many of the assembly-line sequels we're often presented with but clearly missing that technological awe that came with Ts 1 and 2.
0.8 He said he'd be back and he is, with a bang, in another sequel that pays tribute to the first two films while delivering enough dazzling action sequences and droll wit to satisfy even the most demanding fans.
0.875 T3 director Jonathan Mostow delivers a high-energy barrage of special effects gee-wizardry that self-effacingly mimics Cameron's style.
0.5 There are spectacular car chases and countless firefights, but they feel perfunctory, predictable and devoid of context.
0.8 An expertly paced and efficient sci-fi thrill machine, 'T3' effectively marries impressive action sequences with persuasive storytelling and its star's uniquely appealing style of 'No' drama -- as in no reaction, no expression, no emotion of any kind.
0.75 I went into the screening not exactly looking forward to the idea of a "T3" and emerged two hours later eager for a "T4".
0.625 Essentially one long chase and fight, punctuated by comic, campy or simplistic dialogue.
0.6 Director Jonathan Moscow and screenwriters John Brancato and Michael Ferris pack the film with muscular action sequences, but the human factor provided by Linda Hamilton's Sarah Connor is sorely missed.
0.6 T3 is easily the funniest of the three films, no small achievement when you have Ah-nold playing a cyborg who cracks wise like Joe Clark at a celebrity roast.
0.875 A summer behemoth that actually lives up to its potential.
0.625 Holds our interest but lacks the punch of its predecessors.
0.5 T3 isn't so much a sequel as it is a spoof.
0.625 Terminator 3 moves at not-quite-breakneck speed, and the shape-shifting, metal-melting special effects aren't exactly spectacular.
0.625 Several significant plot holes prove a frustrating and unnecessary distraction from (this) exhilarating, ante-upping...otherwise worthy series-fulfilling successor...
0.625 The pleasures of this text reside almost completely in the sensation that we're watching an extremely well-funded kid playing with toy cars and action figures in a toy city.
0.6 Like the latest Matrix, this is a movie too wrapped up in explosions and fights and chases to say anything coherent.
0.5 T3 is so petrified by its predecessors' conventions that it moves a little like the Terminator himself, with monstrous rigidity and stiff-legged deliberation.
0.75 Writers John Brancato and Michael Ferris turn what could have been an exploitative knock-off into a saga's logical progression.
0.4 Terminator 3 is essentially a B movie, content to be loud, dumb and obvious.
0.25 Terminator 2 wrapped things up so thoroughly and in such a satisfying way that all this witless, plodding rehash can do is tell the same story again, a lot less skillfully.
0.875 The popcorn movie of summer '03.
0.75 Terminator 3 is the summer movie of 2003 that hard-core action fans have been awaiting.
0.8 Rise of the Machines works not just as a strong, credible sequel to one of the best sci-fi franchises but as a great popcorn movie on its own.
0.75 T3 is not just a rare example of a worthy sequel to a sequel, it's a rare example of a worthy summer movie, one that does its job above and beyond the fast-food call of duty.
0.75 A taut, exciting science-fiction thriller that pumps up our adrenaline without forgetting to engage our heads.
0.6 A rollicking deadpan comedy with more good laughs than Adam Sandler's entire career.
0.8 This film is as entertaining as any film that I've seen so far this year.
0.9 Revisiting the Terminator was the right decision for Arnold and a great movie experience for us.
0.2 ennui with a dash of nostalgia
0.7 Pounds forward with brute force, squeezing in plot points wherever possible.
0.9 For the first time this century, sci-fi fans have a sequel that won't leave them disappointed. T3 delivers!
0.75 The film reimagines the Adam and Eve myth but with a post-industrial edge and a distinctly feminist slant.
0.7 Super spectacular summer popcorn picture, packing more fireworks than the Fourth of July. Adrenaline addicts are gonna love the fast-paced action.
0.7 The film's relentless devotion to headlong action and blitzkrieg plotting is akin to falling down an elevator shaft in the dark. You never quite know what you're going to hit along the way, so you might as well enjoy the plummet.
0.84 Once again, the Terminator series proves its superior worth over competing action concepts with its emphasis on the human element and a higher level of story consistency.
0.875 I was pleasantly surprised and duly impressed. Jonathan Mostow has taken good care of Cameron's baby, showing both respect and homage to the characters and trends.
0.3 Vantage Point is a patented representative of this year's early mediocrity. Vantage Point is trailer trash.
0.625 If you are looking for mindless action, it's not bad. But since this is trying to be something more than that, I can't quite recommend it.
0.2 It swears it's being clever yet refuses to trust the audience.
0.5 Asks us to believe the terrorists would, after slaughtering countless people, risk their entire plan--and their very lives--on...well, I won't say. But from my vantage point, it was ridiculous.
0.3 [Vantage Point is] a puzzle cut by a drunken, three-fingered jigsaw operator who lost a few pieces and chewed on a few others.
0.6 If you thought 24's perspective on terrorism was, well, limited, get ready to groan. The meat and potatoes of Vantage Point -- the suicide bomb explosions, the bloody fisticuffs and blaring car chases -- are indeed awesome, and that's what truly matters f
0.5 Those inclined to scrutinize the logic of Barry Levy's screenplay are likely to come away as baffled by its farfetched twists as amused by its bombastic excesses.
0.7 Vantage Point takes a pretty high concept, dribbles a bunch of red herrings all over it, and makes things go boom, reaping better yields than the average TV show.
0.5 When you wrap a movie around a gimmick, the wrapping better be taut and engaging or the gimmick falls flat.
0.8 Vantage Point is a tense and imaginative thriller that reels you in the longer it goes along, only to lose focus in the last 15 minutes. This final reel misstep is a shame, but it's not enough to ruin all the good work that's come before it.
0.6 With a little more work this could have been a first-rate thriller along the lines of the Bourne films, because the concept is intriguing and our interest is held for a significant part of the film.
0.8 If you're watching for perfectly matched action you're not into the mystery and you probably aren't going to be very sympathetic to the effort involved.
0.625 Writer Barry Levy has added some snap, crackle and pop to what would otherwise be a routine action film had it been presented in chronological order.
0.6 A curta duracao e o ritmo constantemente frenetico do filme mantem o espectador atento e interessado, mesmo que o objeto de tanta atencao nao faca muito sentido em retrospecto.
0.4 Vantage Point might sound intriguing on paper but it's all gimmick and not a lot of substance.
0.4 As much as we'd like to see an American president made accountable, we don't have to see it over and over and over again.
0.6 The stories are cleverly interwoven, with a couple of unexpected twists, and the patient viewer is rewarded with a doozy of a car chase in the last reel.
0.333333333333 Although mounted with no little efficiency by director Pete Travis (who previously made the TV drama-doc 'Omagh'), the narrative enterprise actually hides a one-dimensional world view, with civilian casualties mere background set dressing.
0.6 Some okay thrills with good performances and some smarts. But the last reel plunge spoils things.
0.75 a ripping good yarn
0.75 A decent thriller that takes time to get started
0.4 I might almost sit through the crappy storytelling one more time just to see the car chases. These are the kind car chases that Stuntman Mike from Death Proof might be able to appreciate
0.5 The Bourne films have fundamentally altered the rules... Every action thriller from here on out must adapt or risk coming across like some middling, antiquated dinosaur.
0.4 Decent actors wasted; impossible, idiotic plot twists; an unimaginative shooting style; an okay but unspectacular bit of action. Yep, it's a February movie all right.
0.625 The more they replay the story, the more you realize that there really wasn't all that much to see in the first place.
0.375 Basically, Vantage Point is a don't-ask-and-we-won't-tell movie. We are just supposed to sit back and ride along without questioning where we are being driven.
0.3 This movie is just down right annoying.
0.7 Suspenseful, yes - but it's all too far-fetched to matter much.
0.25 Now I know how Bill Murray felt in Groundhog Day.
0.3 [...] one would expect events to be gradually fleshed out until the mystery behind the attack is finally revealed, just in time for a bodacious climax, right? Yeah.
0.6 Pete Travis' Rashomon retread reads more like a less funny Groundhog Day.
0.5 Vantage Point requires three simultaneous coincidences for the ending to work. That may be a record.
0.625 The movie presents an interesting "Vantage Point." And its gimmick makes it an above-average thriller.
0.4 It calls for the suspension of the snort-and-chortle reflex. And it fails even at that.
0.75 Between the many 'What the?' moments until its outrageously absurd ending, Vantage Point is a brisk, entertaining experience.
0.75 I didn't buy that final twist, but it was still a fast, fun, breezy piece of entertainment. Enjoyable way to spend 90 minutes.
0.2 In case we haven't had enough fear-mongering in the past few years, this schlock takes up the slack.
0.8 ...(O)ver-Rashomoned with too many flashbacks, Travis produces a a slambang car chase, even though it does lead to a climax too absurd for words.
0.5 There's an interesting idea here, showing a major political event from various perspectives until we finally get to the real story. The problem is that the real story is rather contrived.
0.4 Vantage Point's summed up by its name; from some angles, it looks like an above-average studio thriller, but from others it falls out of sight fast.
1.0 I was quite literally on the edge of my seat for all of its lightning fast ninety minutes. It's not just merely good -- it's nothing less than one of the best pictures of the year
0.5 Movies used to boast of being 'torn from the headlines.' Now, they're torn from an electronics catalog. Who needs James Bond's Q when you've got Best Buy?
0.7 Sure the movie's multiple viewpoint contrivance is just an excuse to get to a car chase, but it's a good car chase.
0.75 Enjoy Vantage Point while the thrills last, and try to ignore the 'what the heck?' stretches of credulity in the final reels.
0.75 A genuine crowd-pleaser overall, brisk and suspenseful%u2014more or less everything it promises to be.
0.5 While the title, trailer and commercials imply that we'll be carefully piecing together clues to a complex assassination attempt as seen from several perspectives, the final product turns out to be a tepid thriller that promises more than it delivers.
0.5 At a certain point its sheer can-you-top-this excess takes over, credibility flies out the window and there's no reason to continue paying attention.
0.5 Vantage Point is a thriller that has quite a lot on its mind. The very structure of the movie challenges the audience's patience, if not its wit.
0.75 Keep your expectations reasonable.
0.5 All this visual caffeine is in service to a story that isn't worth telling, and that too frequently resorts to the cheap technique of putting an adorable little girl in peril, then cutting away.
0.25 When everything is finally revealed, the story Vantage Point tells is fairly pedestrian, and nothing special is gained from all the stopping and restarting.
0.8 An overplotted, gimmicky presidential-assassination thriller, its interlocking pieces have to fit just so for it to stay coherent and ratchet up the tension.
0.75 Director Pete Travis keeps things grim and gritty and moving.
0.2 A gimmick in search of its own point.
0.375 Chugging forward and chundering back, the movie keeps promising to whip up something hellishly complicated, but what keeps the movie going for an hour and a half is not a complicated plot but a stingy way of dribbling out information.
0.75 While it's no classic, Vantage Point is well worth a look.
0.5 Vantage Point is the highlights reel of an action movie too average to watch in any other form.
0.6 Initially intriguing and energetic, this film ends up demonstrating that a good script needs to be more than a clever concept and fine direction must be more than moving things fast.
0.625 Hey, it's February, a month when moviegoers have to be thankful for anything diverting.
0.2 The first 15 minutes of Vantage Point are the worst. Then you only have to sit through them seven more times.
0.75 A nice, straightforward, good old-fashioned geopolitical conspiracy thriller with no pretentions.
0.5 The problem with Vantage Point is that the rapid-rewind technique keeps interfering with the thriller's momentum.
0.375 This action/suspense-thriller is hopelessly convoluted and contrived. The filmmakers are clearly trying to duplicate the style and feel vastly superior television series 24.
0.75 Vantage Point makes nice use of the heft of Dennis Quaid, Forest Whitaker, William Hurt and Sigourney Weaver in a story in which an assassination followed by an explosion gets revisited from eight points of view.
0.375 Reduces global terrorism to a Rubik's Cube suitable for an evening's entertainment. If that doesn't make you vaguely ill, by all means take this thriller for the shallow, gimmicky "ride" it aspires to be.
0.2 If you can work your way past Vantage Point's goofy casting that places a bland, blank-eyed Hurt in the White House, then I suppose you can manage to forgive this Rashomon rip-off's other glaring idiosyncrasies, of which there are many.
0.75 The filmmakers hook us and reel us in during 90 breathless minutes.
0.625 Not much about the plot can be revealed without giving away the various surprises and twists [which]are the only reason to sit through the film.
0.875 The exhilarating car chase that closes the movie is alone worth the price of admission...
0.5 No matter how you look at it, Vantage Point is a letdown.
0.69 ...counts on its audience not thinking about what they're seeing, but instead being mesmerized by flash and boom ...This is a movie to make you angry, but not with the straw evildoers it puts on screen.
0.4 It starts off strong but quickly becomes so contrived and repetitive that by the time it finally lumbers to its deeply unsatisfying and ludicrously melodramatic finale, you feel like an idiot for having wasted your time watching it
0.375 Trying, monotonous, and not anywhere near as relevant or clever as it imagines itself to be, Vantage Point proves once again that while it's easy to rely on a gimmick, it's usually not the best idea to trust it.
0.625 I forgave its sins for delivering at least an hour of undiluted enjoyment.
0.625 A movie that features very intense, action-packed moments, but a story that gets overly complicated and borders on spinning out of control as it becomes too farfetched by the end
0.5 We view this event from every possible point of view except a logical -- or entertaining -- one.
0.5 Less would have definitely been more in this case; if viewers squint their eyes hard enough, they might just be able to locate a kitchen sink lurking somewhere in the background.
0.4 I'm starting to think that '24' and 'The Bourne Identity' have made it nearly impossible for me to enjoy the average or even slightly above average spy thriller.
0.5 The information sorting and gathering required by Barry L. Levy's screenplay feels like night school as opposed to a great night out at the movies.
0.5 A story that could easily (and more effectively) have been told in about half the time.
0.4 Disappointing action flick centers on terrorism.
0.5 An assassination thriller that boasts the glossy tourist vistas of an airline magazine combined with a serious case of instant-replay-itis.
0.625 Vantage Point offers a modicum of entertainment but it requires viewers to react more forcefully from the gut than the mind. It's viscerally effective but lobotomized.
0.375 The bones of a good idea for a conspiracy thriller lie buried in the corpse of Vantage Point. It feels more like a movie with a personality disorder.
0.5 Offers less entertainment than just awareness of how nearly every American male role seems like it was intended for Harrison Ford.
0.75 The setup is so riveting, the suspense so carefully prolonged, that I didn't mind when it unraveled into lunacy near the end.
0.6 The problem with Vantage Point, or at least one problem, is that it depends too much on coincidence. The film relies on things breaking a certain way for nearly every plot advancement.
0.25 Cool game plan on paper, unfortunately, the execution lacks. Further, this is not the subject matter with which to play games.
0.75 A tight, solid mystery/thriller that keeps you guessing until the end.
0.375 ...a marketing hook first and a movie ... well, actually, never.
0.375 Choppy, point-of-view twisting thriller that never rises above its gimmickry.
0.4 Starts off well but then tries to replicate the fast-paced frenzy of The Bourne Ultimatum with an improbable car chase.
0.65 A competently-made action-thriller but nothing particularly ground-breaking once it casually discards its pretense of being told from multiple points of view.
0.25 It's mind-numbingly tedious, perhaps because the rhythm, the plot, even the seemingly indestructible veteran secret service agent Barnes seem lifted wholesale from any random episode of 24.
0.875 Smart escapist thrillers are a dying breed but this is one of the good ones.
0.4 A stale effort that seems content to find its niche in a harmless mediocrity.
0.8 Violent, coarse, perverted, and sickly hilarious, this is highly recommend for those who like their entertainment on the nasty, demented tip.
0.7 An intriguing (and sometimes off-putting) cinematic creation featuring Matthew McConaughey in one of his best performances.
0.9 Killer Joe is America at its worst but Friedkin and McConaghey at very close to their best.
0.6 It's like a cheap, nasty dessert: completely devoid of nutrition, probably very bad for you, but kind of delicious while it briefly lasts.
0.8 Only the faint-hearted or KFC kitchen staff should give it a miss.
0.8 Stage-to-screen adaptations are rarely this primal, and it's been a long time since a William Friedkin film has felt so vital.
0.875 The humor magnifies the horror, and vice versa. Like the inflammatory Dr. Strangelove, we've sewn these seeds, and we deserve whatever is reaped from them.
0.7 Killer Joe will leave many people in shock, confusion, and in need of a thorough shower by the time it's done.
0.625 The scene with the fried chicken drumstick might cause Colonel Sanders to repurpose one of his famous buckets as a barf bag.
1.0 Killer Joe is a white-hot fever dream of a film. A toxic swill of sex and violence, Joe is mordantly funny, tantalizing and, ultimately, shocking.
0.625 Matthew McConaughey gives an intensely wry performance while director William Friedkin applies his old-master craftsmanship to a brutal, ugly story.
0.95 Killer Joe will both infuriate and impress, but when it impresses there is nothing quite like it. It plays on the senses and lingers in the mind, McConaughey is brilliant and Friedkin finds himself in his best form in years
0.875 Resembling yard sculptures in a trailer park, where trash becomes art, "Killer Joe" is a Picasso signed with a branding iron.
0.8 Sick and twisted in the most interesting ways.
0.7 Aside from Letts scathing one-liners the best reason to see the film is McConaughey. His Killer Joe is a quite brilliant variation on cool villainy.
0.875 It unfolds like a prank. After freewheeling dangerously and thrillingly for 90 minutes, it skips the relief and goes straight to the punishment. After that: The final, puzzling twist suggests that it may not have been a joke at all.
0.9 May well do for the fried chicken leg what Friedkin's The Exorcist did for split-pea soup back in 1973.
0.5 If it weren't for Matthew McConaughey's tightly coiled performance, the nasty white-trash drama "Killer Joe" wouldn't be worth the powder it would take to blow it to hell.
0.5 ...a clever story ruined by a fight so poorly done it's laughable, and an unbelievably silly but graphic simulated sex scene in the finale.
0.9 'Killer Joe' is a deep-fried, jalapeno-flavored noir that tests audience endurance. It dares viewers not to look at the depravity onscreen while gently nudging viewers to revel in it.
0.1 Jerry Springer re-do
0.8 A dark twisted comedy that has strong performances making it one of the most memorable films of this year.
0.8 An unflinchingly ugly -- but downright mesmerizing -- tale that plumbs the depths of human immorality.
0.625 Watching "Killer Joe" to the bitter end is like playing the Pick 6 lottery and getting three of the numbers right. You don't win anything, but you still think you're smarter than all those other idiots.
0.875 You will either love "Killer Joe" or run away screaming. I absorbed this NC-17 nail bomb with awestruck admiration.
0.8 [Friedkin] has retained his touch ... all these years later. And in Matthew McConaughey, he has the perfect vehicle for madness.
0.75 The film is drowning in so much depraved gunk that subtleties are lost. The payoff is dandy anyway ...
0.5 You end up feeling sorry for all the actors forced to humiliate themselves, except for McConaughey, whose portrayal of sadistic, manipulative evil is mesmerizing.
1.0 It's hard not to watch this explosive power punch of a movie and not love absolutely every frame.
0.7 A little slice of Southern Gothic is just what the back room doctor ordered in this summer of explodey superhero movies.
0.55 Killer Joe may be a great film, but it's not a particularly good one.
0.8 A movie that doesn't know what "failure of nerve" means.
0.3 Vile, evil and brutal, it's a bloody mess that's only saved by Matthew McConaughey's impressively repellent acting.
1.0 "Killer Joe" is downright hysterical, clever, expertly written, and incredibly unnerving. This is easily a career best performance for Matthew McConaughey.
0.65 This is a movie that literally wallows in its base and crude story making you itch and run for the shower after exiting the theater.
0.75 Friedkin creates a twisted work of trailer-park noir that both surprises and horrifies, and gives us one more reason to call 2012 the year of McConaughey.
0.625 The movie frequently clicks as a sendup of over-the-top film-noir storytelling.
0.625 If y'all like your comedy with a Lone Star drawl and as black as Texas tea, then by all means tuck right into Killer Joe.
0.75 Killer Joe, which is peppered with a number of palpably striking sequences, builds to an absolutely enthralling (and purposefully over-the-top) climax that's almost jaw-dropping in its audacity...
1.0 In the immortal words of Wayne's World: "You'll laugh, you'll cry, you'll hurl."
0.8 Mostly makes you want to go home and have a shower.
0.7 Really entertaining, and dark and twisted.
0.75 Killer Joe is twisted pulp, and the actors chew on it bravely, boldly, and with varying degrees of success.
0.75 It's as mean as a snake.
0.875 Friedkin directs; his taste for sadism has never been personified better than in McConaughey's unassuming-but-dangerous drawl.
0.75 Friedkin's pretty shrewd himself, in how he teases out the humor without indulging Letts' immature glibness, and how he sidesteps Bible Belt baptism to waterboard us in the sewer of selfish human nature.
0.75 A gleeful and unapologetic descent into delicious decadence, Killer Joe is proud of what it is and never tries to be something it isn't.
0.79 Friedkin plays a trick that might be mean if it wasn't so fascinating to see him pull off, blending laugh-out-loud humor with absolutely repulsive images, forcing disoriented and unsettled audiences to wind up laughing when they should be disturbed.
1.0 A family (dis)member(ed) ... with a wink from an eye more bloodshot than smirking.
0.8 It's the sort of funny that encompasses both definitions of the word and that is watched, as often as not, with clenched teeth and the temptation to cover ones eyes fighting with the much stronger temptation to see what happens next.
0.7 At 76, Friedkin still holds our gaze with striking, often ghastly visual images, and despite the fact that McConaughey's entire wardrobe appears to have been rented from Villains "R" Us, Killer Joe lands blow after blow to the psyche.
0.375 The action and dialogue find the same squalid level in time for the climactic scene, the cruel humiliation of a central character.
0.625 [T]here is no way to say it without employing a pun -- it leaves a truly bad taste.
0.6 Out of the muck and mire of human depravity that is "Killer Joe," something magnificent comes: a killer performance by Matthew McConaughey.
0.75 It is a tale of white trash immorality on a grand scale, of people who are ridiculous and yet dangerous, laughable but cunning, and really stupid ... yet sneaky.
0.5 The bone-crunchingly violent film has luridly entertaining moments. But by its resolution, this sleazy Southern Gothic nightmare has simply gone off the rails.
0.8 With what is arguably Matthew McConaughey's best performance to date, Killer Joe is easily one of the most memorable films of the year. You won't soon forget it. Even if you want to.
0.5 More interested in the sins of the guilty than their effect on the innocent.
0.75 "Killer Joe" is one hell of a movie. It left me speechless. I can't say I loved it. I can't say I hated it.
0.75 ...wears its sleaze like a ratty stole dug out from a bin at the 'thrifty.'
0.625 Killer Joe, packed with miserable stereotypes doing miserable things with no sense of a higher purpose, plays like a dramatized version of The Jerry Springer Show.
0.75 Like a deep-fried Twinkie at the State Fair of Texas, ''Killer Joe'' is gooey, flavorful and bad for you. Dig in.
0.45 An ugly, ugly film that leaves you feeling dirty inside, especially if you find yourself being entertained and amused by its characters and what they do to each other.
0.0 The trials and tribulations of a Texas family that nobody would want to spend any time with.
0.375 There are no characters here, and no drama. It's just a county fair sideshow attraction - 100 minutes of Shoot the Geek.
0.125 A sleazy and pointless film about sleazy and pointless people, "Killer Joe" reminds us that what Quentin Tarantino does isn't easy.
0.65 To its own detriment, William Friedkin's splattery, southern gothic return to the screen seeks to amuse as well as shake and stir.
0.75 As a sadistic dallas cop who moonlights as a hit man, Matthew McConaughey is on fire in Killer Joe, fierce and ferociously funny.
0.9 One of the three best performances of McConaughey's career.
0.5 Lurches from realism to corn-pone absurdism and exploitation-cinema surrealism.
0.2 "Killer Joe" offers us a sneering image of trailer-park Texas, in which everyone is stupid and amoral and trashier than their cluttered front yards.
0.8 No one will ever accuse William Friedkin of mellowing with age
0.5 It sends you home reeling, but wondering what the point of it was, and why so many worthwhile people bothered to do it in the first place.
1.0 Gazing into the abyss has rarely felt so good.
1.0 Loud...lurid...and the best film of the summer
0.75 It thrills in seeing dumb people getting their due in hyper-stylized displays of violence, and yet it never feels contemptuous of them.
0.8 A little more time and a little more money might have turned Killer Joe into something truly great, or it might have ruined it, overwhelming the delicate chemistry with surface glitter. We'll never know.
0.6 A twisted, well acted and quite compelling comedy of errors, until a brutal, over-extended finale leaves a very sour taste.
0.8 A gruesome, greasy bucket-load of uninhibited tastelessness. And I mean that in the nicest possible way.
0.9 Matthew McConaughey steals the show with a ferocious, transformative performance worthy of awards attention, and Friedkin restores his stature as an architect of taut, muscular cinema.
0.8 If you've always longed to see a version of Double Indemnity played out by in-bred, under-educated psychopaths, then your time has finally come.
0.4 Friedkin remains an expert technician to this day, but it's difficult to understand his enthusiasm for this seemingly juvenile exercise in trailer-trash excess.
0.8 We get an effective combination of raw, in-your-face direction - Friedkin has a "two takes only" rule - and a finely honed script.
0.8 It's a joy to see rom-com star McConaughey slip into the role of an amoral sociopath with such ease.
0.2 The different characters' motivations are sucked into a vacuum which is only punctuated by moments of extreme and quite abhorrent violence.
0.4 Becomes unintentionally funny by the grotesque closing stretch.
0.8 A deliriously sleazy black comedy thriller that is resolutely adult in tone and content but overflows with wonderful performances, fast-paced thrills and memorable dialogue.
0.6 A kind of scuzzball Double Indemnity.
0.6 A gruesome, brutally violent and queasy trailer-park nightmare from deep in the heart of Texas.
0.6 Lovely to see Friedkin on such mischievous form and McConaughey finally revealing his dark side.
0.8 Killer Joe is emphatically not to everyone's taste, but it is among the purest cinematic experiences you'll have this year. It will also ensure that you never, ever look at fried chicken in quite the same way again.
0.6 A seemingly hopeless spiral of existence ... there is some depraved glee that this filmmaker takes in toying with his hapless cast, and his latest film is no exception nor for the faint-hearted.
0.6 Thanks to McConaughey's oily power and Friedkin's unflinching purpose it's a compelling beast.
0.6 Like Friedkin's last film, Bug, this is adapted from a play by Tracy Letts, and takes place in a similarly cramped and mouldering dwelling.
0.6 Friedkin's direction is rough and ready, but Letts's tangy writing is the star here.
0.7 This film's unhinged plot constantly catches us off guard with its bizarre twists and turns, all of which are grounded on the hapless characters.
0.8 Enjoyably pulpy Southern-fried thriller with a strong script and terrific performances from a superb cast, though it occasionally struggles to escape its stage-bound origins.
0.8 The dirtiest black comedy you'll see for a long time.
0.8 Twisted, tense and trashy, it's glorious fun.
0.7 For every moment of grotesque violence there are several beautifully directed, well written and fearlessly acted moments that counter. Killer Joe is a trashy and at times shocking Texan tale to be sure, but one that's worth watching.
0.9 It feels weird to say, 'I liked it,' but I know deep down, in places that feel uncomfortable, I loved it.
0.875 McConaughey's performance as the Mephistophelean title character is one for the ages.
0.7 Essentially a filmed play, but McConaughey's performance is too good to ignore.
0.8 William Freidkin's film is full-frontal in every sense, an unabashed pulp romp stuffed with ugly acts and primal screams.
0.8 With Killer Joe, a black comedy thriller adapted from a play by Tracy Letts, Friedkin seems to have recaptured some of that youthful energy.
0.375 Somehow, you can't help but feel vampires deserve better.
0.4 Rather than create an innovative style to complement the horror-history hybrid, he employs superhero cliches and hackneyed action scenes that only help distract from the ineffectiveness of the film's scant 3-D effects.
0.5 If you thought the American Civil War was about ending slavery, you're in for a rude surprise.
0.5 As a tongue-in-cheek action mashup, Grahame-Smith and Bekmambetov have, for the most part, delivered an entertaining (albeit campy) historical retelling.
0.2 A rancid hot pot of over-caffeinated action, choppy editing, self-importance and retarded scripting, Lincoln is the worst blockbuster in recent memory...
0.5 Frankly, if it gets kids talking about history again, Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter succeeds where a lot of other films stumble-and even if it's kind of a lame duck, there's still a lot of dignity in that.
0.5 What you get with "Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter" is an interesting concept that has a number of structural problems.
0.35 Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter doesn't even come close to living up to the fun, silly nature of its premise. The film is a dull, humorless, ugly-looking slog.
0.3 With the most preposterous of plots, one would expect "Lincoln" to be funny, but it's not. It takes itself as seriously as a disease, and therein lies the biggest problem with this film.
0.6 completely ludicrous but fun.
0.85 While the film eventually feels a little exhausting, particularly in the protracted but impressive finale, it works as well as this material possibly could.
0.2 Bekmambetov knows his way around supernatural movies very well but he just doesn't seem to have the sense of humour needed for this one.
0.6 The most important thing about enjoyably trashy, title-says-it-all action films such as Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter is to keep everything moving so fast and on such a huge scale that nobody will care too much about how monumentally silly it all is.
0.5 Uses cues from the life of the former US President and builds an unwieldy supernatural story on top of it.
0.6 AL:VH is easy to dismiss and equally as easy to forget, but it does what it does well.
0.4 Sounds like it was pitched at the tail-end of a particularly cynical, three-day, coke-fuelled marketing strategy session in between Transformers with Boobs and The Voice: The Movie...
0.7 What makes Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter so enjoyable is the extent it abandons so many established rules not just in terms of history and genre, but also physics.
0.8 Other than not knowing what's going on when the action gets heavy, "Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter" is fairly outstanding. It's downright ridiculous at times and extremely outrageous to its core, but is unbelievably entertaining from beginning to end.
0.625 The Great Emancipator becomes a pretty great decapitator in this ridiculous and entertaining but ultimately exhausting mashup of 19th century American history and 21st century pop trendiness.
0.7 A lot better than I'd expected. In itself, that's not saying all that much since I was prepared for it to be pretty bad.
0.5 ...a missed opportunity that's rarely, if ever, as much fun as its title might've indicated.
0.4 After simply ignoring everything potentially funny and lively, Abraham Lincoln grinds down on its characters, turning them into empty vessels upon which to hang the action sequences.
0.2 No, it's not entertainment; it's garbage.
0.75 Lincoln a Bloody Alternate History Lesson
0.75 If there's anything more radical and outrageous than the very title and concept, it's how focused and committed director Timur Bekmambetov and writer Seth Grahame-Smith are to its execution.
0.375 Intriguing title the most interesting thing about Abraham Lincoln Vampire Hunter
0.25 Lacking cleverness and imagination, the film merely fuses Lincoln's and the Civil War's historical outlines with horror-, martial arts- and action-movie cliches.
0.5 while the fantastically warped nature of the premise would seem to promise bloody good fun, the film turns out to be a rather dreary, overly serious slog through the all-too-familiar elements of modern action and horror genres
0.625 Some good effects, but takes its potentially amusing premise way too seriously.
0.4 This one needed to have a sense of humor.
0.5 Mixing vampires with Abraham Lincoln never works in this action movie.
0.75 The movie works because the story outside the vampire zone sweet spot is played straight and with some heart.
0.5 Even for those looking for crazy fun, I think they'll be disappointed with how serious, and how much of Lincoln's life is actually included in this mashup.
0.26 [It] states the moronic what-if that serves as its central conceit right in its title, but even that is unlikely to prepare you for the turgid mess that it delivers.
0.375 ... a monotonous, knuckle-headed fusion of Bram Stoker's 'Dracula' and John Ford's 'Young Mr. Lincoln' ... the action is more stultifying than suspenseful, more cartoonish than cathartic.
0.4 Ridiculous and revisionist, redeemed only by Bekmambetov's inventive, R-rated action sequences, particularly the CGI horse stampede.
0.7 With its outrageous premise of turning Honest Abe into a slayer of the undead, one would expect to see the president snuffing out vamps in astounding ways. To this end, and as pure, thrill-ride entertainment, the movie certainly delivers.
0.5 Not nearly as much fun as it sounds.
0.6 If you are going to re-imagine the 16th president of the United States as a vampire hunter, go big or go home. "Abraham Lincoln, Vampire Hunter" has chosen the former.
0.1 Reminds me of the Star Wars prequels... Vampire powers and limitations seem to work a lot like the Jedi...it depends on what's convenient for the plot at any given moment.
0.375 This Lincoln, as portrayed by Benjamin Walker, is as stiff as the sculpture honoring him at his memorial in Washington, D.C. Walker fails to instill any vitality or zest into his Lincoln. His Abe is one dimensional and humorless.
0.625 The movie may not totally succeed in what it wants to do, but neither should it be dismissed.
0.5 If you see Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter and expect brilliant filmmaking, cogent storytelling or a serious examination of American history, you're an idiot.
0.8 As played by Walker, Abe is a 19th Century Bruce Wayne or Clark Kent, his mild demeanor a mask for a man of strength.
0.7 Of course it's ridiculous and tasteless and grotesque. It's ABRAHAM LINCOLN, VAMPIRE HUNTER.
0.4 Vampire Hunter will appeal to people who want to see graphic deaths and a bit of neck-nibbling, but it's a disjointed action adventure and a total no-hoper as a film of any historical significance.
0.5 The disconnect between intention and final product is a head scratcher.
0.3 The execution is neither serious or jokey enough to make the movie palatable - a near impossible result for a movie with that title.
0.8 It's crazier than an antebellum bedbug, but Abraham Lincoln, Vampire Hunter is one of Summer 2012's definite sleepers.
0.2 The Great Emancipator as the Great Decapitator makes for just so much B-movie schlock.
0.7 The upside: the vampires really suck and the movie doesn't.
0.25 A B movie treated like an A movie that mostly ends up being a zzzzzzzzzz movie.
0.375 This film should be campy fun, but in Bekmambetov's unsteady hands, it feels laboured and unsatisfying.
0.7 It's sad to say, but in a summer awash with sequels and reboots, a movie that is both effective and original is a rare treat, no matter how many history teachers it pushes into early retirement.
0.5 How goes this particular Nosfera-tour? Sadly, this new-fang-led premise gives great visuals, but takes itself so seriously, we don't get the fun that the title promises.
0.4 It's rather a shame that yawning voids occupy the places where we usually expect to find characters.
0.72 What you wouldn't expect is for a film where Abraham Lincoln uses a silver-tipped axe to chop of vampires head to be played straight. Well, as straight as an action film featuring a Civil War jam packed with vampires can be.
0.625 There's a conceptual flaw here: the actual details of Lincoln's life were so fascinating, filled with such drama, that there's no need to make him a vampire hunter at all.
0.75 In a movie that promises to be about little more than Abraham Lincoln and Vampire Hunting, having Mr. Walker deliver a performance that exceeds those expectations is -- to some small, ironic degree -- liberating.
0.8 Is Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter a great bad movie or a bad great movie?
0.65 If you're even remotely considering buying a ticket to see Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter, then you're a prime candidate to enjoy it.
0.6 Works best when Bekmambetov is let off the leash, and goes WAY over the top. Worth seeing as long as you go in with the right frame of mind.
0.4 The grave tone makes it stiff and leaden, the digi-saturated look is a turn-off. Damnable and disordered.
0.5 It's sort of like a very special slavery-themed episode of Aqua Teen Hunger Force.
0.5 It relies solely on the gimmick that it's funny to have an ex-President using a silver-coated axe to fight mythical creatures. There's nothing else there.
0.2 "Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter" is essentially the most expensive Troma movie ever made, lacking the quiet dignity, cohesive plotting or the shot of a flipping car
0.37 Reimagining Abraham Lincoln as a forefather to Buffy the Vampire Slayer is a rather nifty idea. Unfortunately, Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter, doesn't fully sink its teeth into its fun premise.
0.375 The trouble with the so-called high-concept film is that too often the concept is the best thing about it and the actual movie essentially a series of rather rote, progressively more tiresome variations on its premise.
0.6 The result is a movie that seems more in service to its premise than to a good story. But hey, it's different.
0.0 Don't let the stupid title dissuade you from seeing "Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter." Let the stupid plot, the stupid history, the stupid action scenes, the stupid trivializing of slavery . . .
0.6 This has enough vamps being decapitated to keep you interested but isn't as gloriously silly as the title.
0.6 For the most part Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter is loud, fast and crunchy - and I suspect it's going to slay audiences at the box office.
0.625 Both terribly silly and a lot of fun.
0.75 An insanely absurd fun mash up of horror and history that manages to be simultaneously brilliant and ridiculous.
0.625 This almost works, but the script isn't realized enough to be fully satisfying. It all looks cool and dandy, but it's cold blooded.
0.5 Apart from [two action] scenes and the initial setup, Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter becomes repetitive.
0.8 If ever there was an "either you're in or out" movie in 2012, it's definitely this one and if you're in, it just might be the most satisfyingly guilty pleasure of the year.
0.1 Not to sound like a stick in the mud, but Abraham Lincoln was a great and noble man. He deserves better that this.
0.4 This movie is even sillier than I thought it would be. You talk about shark-jumping, fridge-nuking. I have a new one for you, horse leaping! Once that happens, that's when it goes off the rails and begins it's descent into Movie Hell
0.5 Starting well and culminating in a lackluster second half, it is far too streamlined and spotty to satisfy as anything more than a pulpy slice of summer movie inconsequence.
0.4 This movie just made Steven Spielberg's life easier because his Lincoln biopic coming out in December wil definitely be the better of these two films. This could have been fun, it never settles in what it wants to be and ultimately fails.
0.4 This is hokum on a grand scale, though it's emotionally cold and gets tiresomely repetitive, with scores of vampires baring their fangs before decapitation.
0.5 The result is a film that feels more like the ridiculous Will Smith Wild Wild West and less like Bekmambetov's clever Night Watch.
0.0 [Bekmambetov's] name above the credits is fair warning; shame on me for not heeding it.
0.75 Walker is a tall, lean guy with a big hat who can swing an ax. What else can be said?
0.4 It's not every day you see a movie and ask yourself, "Why does this thing even exist?"
0.625 Despite its factual dismemberment of the movie's namesake, Hunter bristles as summer action fodder. Honest.
0.8 Rare is a film this silly that's also this quietly clever.
0.25 Here is the worst thing to happen to Abe Lincoln in a theater since he attended "Our American Cousin."
0.4 Given the subject matter, an exercise in delicacy and restraint was unlikely, but it's too bad that the film's concept is way more entertaining than what has ended up on-screen.
0.4 "Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter" is such a smashing title it's too bad someone had to spoil things by making a movie to go with it.
0.6 Your mileage, as with any movie crammed with unintentional laughter, may vary, but there are performances and some spectacular fight choreography that ought to keep anyone's interest.
0.35 To say that it's an exercise in style over substance is perhaps an overstatement, in that it suggests there's any substance here at all.
0.625 With a title like this, don't expect a PBS documentary.
0.6 Bekmambetov directs with gusto, and the forthright absurdity of the story, combined with its weirdly heartfelt self-belief is winning.
0.2 This insipid mashup of history lesson and monster flick takes itself semi-seriously, which is truly deadly.
0.8 It's exciting, witty and very well-cast with some memorable set-pieces and a tight, suspenseful plot.
0.375 The acrobatic repetition bores you breathless. Spare Benjamin Walker, who deserves to go on to better things. But the movie deserves a stake through the heart.
0.7 Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter has heart to spare, and the occasional silvered bayonet to run it through.
0.625 Most filmmakers would render this "Road Warrior"-style finale with a little wink and nudge, but Bekmambetov chooses to stare down the material. It straddles his Civil War tale between Chancellorsville and Cartoon Land.
0.875 "Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter" is a blast, the best action movie of the summer.
0.2 It constitutes a moral sin, if not an outright moral crime, and commits a grave insult against history.
0.4 The problem with movies based on a single joke is that a single joke is rarely funny enough to sustain the running time of a feature-length film. And with "Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter," the whole joke is in the title.
0.625 Timor Bekmambetov doesn't need to make his material overtly wink at the audience because his conceit is itself enough of an obvious dim-bulb joke.
0.625 The concept of Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter is worthy of a good chuckle or two, but the execution proves that sometimes a clever title does not beget a production of equal value.
0.25 It's a sin against entertainment.
0.4 When 3D dust-motes and train-engine sparks are the most tempting things to look at, something has failed.
0.6 A strange mash-up that doesn't entirely work but offers enough entertainment value that it never feels like a complete waste of time either.
0.0 It is the best title of the year and will almost certainly be the worst movie.
0.6 While the character development & screenplay are a complete mess, ALVH, at times, is an incredibly interesting movie [with] some brilliant CGI work & incredible choreography..
0.5 There's no getting around the fact that this is a straight-faced drama that feels like it should be a satirical comedy/adventure. And as Lincoln himself observed, a movie divided against itself cannot stand.
0.375 "History prefers legends to men," Abe narrates from his diary. Writer, director and star have conspired to give us none of the above - not the history, not a compelling legend, and certainly not Lincoln the man.
0.4 Some of Bekmambetov's action sequences are spectacular as you would expect, but they are also wholly lacking in any sense of peril or jeopardy.
0.5 It's not nearly as snappy or campy as it should be-though its self-seriousness is its own kind of entertainment.
0.5 It sounds fun. It's a little fun. For a while. But Bekmanbetov shoots every killing spree like an addled gamer, working that slow-down-speed-up kill-shot cliche like a maniac.
0.25 Enormous in its scope and colossal in its stupidity.
0.4 The giddy fun implied by that preposterous moniker is missing in this almost entirely humourless affair.
0.25 Where does it end? Franklin D. Roosevelt: Phone Sex Operator? Rosa Parks: Breakdance Champion? It's much more fun to come up with these idiotic concepts than to watch them.
0.375 Walker's face is soft, bland, unremarkable. His acting, likewise.
0.75 A more entertaining movie than I remotely expected.
0.4 An adaptation of a textbook would at least have been more educational.
0.375 What ideally might have been playful and knowing is instead uptight and dreary, with a visual scheme that's so fake and cartoony, it depletes the film of any sense of danger.
0.5 "Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter," which boasts one of the best film titles ever, just grazes its target.
0.4 Essentially a lot of balls.
0.8 The premise may be pretty ridiculous, but this movie surprises by actually making sense.
0.4 The appallingly self-serious Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter is stylised to death and lacks the subversion needed to support its inspired premise.
0.8 Move over, Twilight. This is a vamp flick with teeth.
0.4 Arrive two hours late for Bekmambetov's overcooked noise generator and you'll have a fantastic night.
0.55 Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter's heart may be in the right place -- and any film that makes people interested in reading up on the real Lincoln must be commended -- but overall the film is, ironically, bloodless.
0.75 Cassavetes' film is pure Hollywood fiction and sensationalism mixed with some sense of reality, but hell I enjoyed it a great deal...
0.3 A lackluster teenage true-crime tale.
0.6 Its originality lies in the fact that it depicts white middle-class kids on the loose, calling their women bitches and listening endlessly to violent, misogynist and homophobic black rap.
0.6 Nick Cassavetes' film combines an aimless ramble through juvenile depravity in the affluent suburbs of LA and a quite disturbing evocation of the true-life murder of an adolescent boy in 1999.
0.7 It's Beverly Hills 90210 on crystal meth as a gang of posh potheads lose the plot when a kidnapping goes wrong.
0.8 The movie may lose its way in the last 15 minutes but everything leading up to that point is gripping, edge-of-your-seat stuff.
0.6 Lengthy and often off-hot topic, this is still a gripping saga with stand-out turns from Timberlake, Hirsch and kid-in-the-spotlight Yelchin.
0.4 Overall though, it's a messy, superficial affair: it lacks focus, shifts uneasily in tone, and shoehorns in star names (Sharon Stone, Bruce Willis) to little effect.
0.8 True, Alpha Dog is a film with no manners. But it has great nerve. What's truly impressive is how the splintered story is buried by individual performances.
0.6 Worth seeing for Stone's grotesque bow and some great youthful performances. But it's not half as gritty as it thinks it is.
0.6 It suffers from ADD, but there's some terrific stuff in here. Leaving 15 minutes from the end and saving yourself a lumbering coda may improve enjoyment.
0.8 Emotionally engaging, impressively directed and frequently tense drama with strong performances from a terrific ensemble cast.
0.6 Cassavetes uses a wide arsenal of flashy techniques...but his stylistic fourishes and some committed performances cannot disguise a certain emptiness where there should be tragedy.
0.0 The worst movie of the year.
0.7 A little long and pushy, but very well-played and at times utterly harrowing
0.2 Even though we are less than two weeks into the new year, here is a film that is already a strong contender for the title of Worst Film of 2007.
0.8 This movie is on fire. An edgy and startling film, definitely starts the 2007 movie year off with a bang!
0.7 This won't run at the front of the movie pack but it has bite.
0.625 At its best, the film offers a pointed critique of a youth culture that views someone like Jesse James Hollywood as a person to emulate.
0.75 Alpha Dog is good filmmaking.
0.625 Cassavetes' script buries a lot of character and thematic ambitions in the facts of the case.
0.7 Timberlake runs away with the movie, earning retribution for the straight-to-video disaster of Edison Force.
0.2 Despite some rather surprisingly good acting by some of the most unlikely of cast members, the film's directing and editing style ultimately ruin Alpha Dog.
0.125 All the overacting from the white boyz in the hood is nothing compared to the final speech from Sharon Stone, the alpha and omega of bad Hollywood actresses.
0.5 Sharon Stone's teary monologue near the end of the film might be more effective if she weren't buried inside a fat suit that makes her look like Jiminy Glick.
1.0 There are in fact no bad performances in this picture. The events depicted are often ugly and sometimes repulsive, but Cassavetes never flinches from depicting them fully
0.5 Timberlake has his breakout performance here, proving that he's not some pretty boy from a teen pop idol group.
0.375 It's like an actor's workshop at a community college where the instructor keeps screaming "Emote! Emote!" to the students.
0.95 Outstanding work from a young ensemble. Ben Foster steals the show in an over the top performance as an a**kicking, always-in-trouble, speedfreak.
0.5 Cassavetes starts to lose the plot at the precise moment he starts keeping exact track of it.
0.75 In most areas, Cassavetes's instincts are spot-on, particularly when it comes to casting Timberlake in what turns out to be the most important role in the film. He manages to be both reprehensible and deeply charismatic, and winds up stealing the picture.
0.5 Alpha Dog, a tale of a group of drug-fueled teenagers, is gritty to the point of painful abrasion.
0.5 As uneven as the film is, those with strong stomachs will find it worth sticking with.
0.25 It is all so done and overdone, so regurgitated, so late-night TV and what-else-is-new-in-hell.
0.875 Ultimately Alpha Dog is most successful as a teen gangster movie, a kind of cross between Goodfellas and The O.C. that is swiftly paced and extremely compelling.
0.6 [Writer/director Cassavetes] never masters the tone and lands as many unintentional laughs as intentional ones. But he still manages, on occasion, to chill you to the bone.
0.375 Cassavetes sends us on a slow death march, following his bland, drugged-out and overly tattooed characters from one beer-bong party to the next.
0.5 Alpha Dog may have some of Larry Clark's territory, and even some of Tarantino's markings. But it's still a mutt. And no matter how much it marks its territory, it never finds its own way home.
0.625 Irresponsible, uncommercial but surprisingly watchable.
0.5 Who would have thought that a real-life tale of sex, drugs and murder could be so instantly forgettable?
0.75 A frightening, tangled tapestry of youth as its worst.
0.5 As successful as the unlikely casting of Timberlake turns out to be, some of Cassavetes' other choices are disastrous.
0.75 Whatever he observed in those true-life figures these roles are based on, [writer/director Nick] Cassavetes sure knew how to apply it to one nasty but exhilarating work of art.
0.7 Although the filmmaker, Nick Cassavetes, doesn't seem to be trying to provide the whys and wherefores of the case, he has created an unmistakable (if uneven) indictment of the lifestyle.
0.125 Recovering from the Harlequin bathos of The Notebook, writer-director Nick Cassavetes directs this bogus-homeboy scenario as though his street cred depended on it.
0.75 Alpha Dog is a commanding ensemble piece.
0.5 While Alpha Dog is a cautionary tale, it too often revels in its own bad-boy attitude.
0.5 There probably isn't a single character in Alpha Dog you would consider likable or sympathetic. And yet, the film almost works in spite of that. Almost.
0.0 I truly doubt Hollywood will produce anything this year that bottoms Alpha Dog for offensively bad filmmaking.
0.75 The movie's biggest surprise is Timberlake, who finds the heart and soul of the not-so-tough Frankie and makes him the film's most complete character.
0.25 Has the most unappetizing film of 2007 really arrived just 12 days into the New Year? Alpha Dog will face contenders for that title, but it sets the bar high.
0.5 These aren't the psychologically exploded youths of Rebel Without a Cause, or even The Outsiders. They're characters in a long, violent, unbleeped episode of MTV's Cribs.
0.8 Cassavetes once again shows he is brimming with talent with this psychologically violent film that is involving despite the inevitable outcome.
0.25 When Justin Timberlake is the best thing about a film, you know you're in trouble.
0.625 It's no The Killing of a Chinese Bookie, and its final section chucks freedom in favor of formula, but it has moments of genuinely kooky energy.
0.75 Alpha Dog is a tragedy born of stupidity and weaned on depravity.
0.625 Week-old weed smoke practically wafts from the screen in a film that's most engaging once it's handed over to Justin Timberlake's excellent performance. But where it thinks it's delivering gut-punches, it's too often feigning with caricatures.
0.6 I almost hate to say it, but [Timberlake] might be reason enough to watch this.
0.87 ...meant as a cautionary tale, but it could be taken as just another tabloid exploitation.
0.75 Cassavetes captures the atmosphere of decadent disdain extremely well.. often unpleasant and even repellent, (but) the acting is consistently sturdy.
0.75 Alpha Dog is about people acting on impulse and slowly making things worse and worse.
0.75 A well-researched model of the true-crime genre...[and] close cinematic relative of Larry Clark's Bully.
0.2 A minefield of stupidity and degradation -- and not in a good way.
0.5 Sporadically intriguing but ultimately ineffective...
0.75 ...Cassavetes has crafted a film that will hold your interest until the end.
0.25 Ben Foster becomes cartoonish instead of scary. It feels like he is channeling Pauly Shore doing an Al Pacino impression.
0.4 Grade-C SoCal exploitation.
0.75 Alpha Dog is almost a sociological study of a youthful culture awash in freedom and steeped in violence, drugs, casual sex and offensive language. It also shines a light on parents who have abdicated their positions of guidance and discipline.
0.4 Calls for more explanation and less posturing.
0.4 The incessant reminders of the outcome, along with the liberal use of split screen, serve only to create a disconnect from what's on-screen.
0.6 Alpha Dog has much the same entertainment value you get from watching monkeys fling scat at one another in a zoo or reading the latest issue of Star magazine.
0.625 There's more voyeurism going on here, and less insight into a certain culture (the young and the wasted), than the filmmakers would probably admit to, but the performances are scarily real, and the outcome, well, is just scary.
0.5 Among the many movies about the California drug scene and lowlife, youthful wannabe thugs, Alpha Dog is far from the leader of the pack.
0.75 'This'll be over by tomorrow,' the big dog says to his prey at one point. Alpha Dog is full of good actors, young and old, making the most of such deceptively simple lines.
0.75 There's truth in the movie's point that when you're born with protective gloves on, you might not notice when you're playing with fire.
0.5 This film is way more about tits and ass and drugs and guns and California muscle cars and busting up house parties with kung fu than it is about deep characterization or the epic scale of Scarface.
0.5 Alpha Dog isn't a total wash, but it is unfocused, overstuffed and routine.
0.625 Cassavetes coaxes persuasive performances from Justin Timberlake and Anton Yelchin in this flashy re-creation of a 1999 kidnapping-murder in cushy Southern California, which overdoes the seamy side of suburbia angle.
0.875 Alpha Dog operates without outrage -- not because the behavior of the people in the movie isn't horrifying but because the movie knows it is much too late to save those bouncing, happy kids we glimpsed in the opening seconds.
0.5 Misses its opportunity to be a smart, investigative crime drama ... a frivolous and shallow affair about partying teens.
0.5 Alpha Dog, like most of its cast, is posing.
0.75 Alpha Dog may be more crass exploitation than an earnest attempt at laying out the facts of a crime, but it's exciting and watchable for anyone willing to romp in the mud for two hours.
0.75 Director Nick Cassavetes should be commended for the unflinching manner in which he tells the story -- it packs a punch, although it lingers too long to be truly unsettling.
0.4 An abusive, shallow, sleazy gangsta film that, at best, is a cautionary morality tale.
0.8 Tension and high emotional level of the players is the style of Cassavetes' docudrama and, for the most part, it works toward keeping you fascinated with a truly singular case in the annals of drug crime.
0.5 Timberlake walks off with the movie. Too bad it's not worth stealing.
0.375 Pot may impair your decision-making, but only speed will drive a man to drop trou and crap on another's living room floor.
0.75 What starts off as another seeming teenboy-targeted flick celebrating would-be gangbangers becomes a more interesting docudrama about a kidnapping turned tragic in Nick Cassavetes's Alpha Dog.
0.75 ...it's impossible not to get a kick out of watching [Noah] Wyle kill a man using a silenced pistol.
0.7 Worth watching if only for the half-dozen familiar faces and a few scenes that ratchet up the intensity quite serviceably.
0.8 As a chilly tale of a young woman striving to escape her family and her claustrophobic small town, it succeeds on its own merits.
0.5 When Animals Dream is a cold and understated Scandinavian werewolf movie that doesn't quite stick the landing.
0.9 Director Jonas Alexander Arnby has made another excellent contribution to Denmark's soft parade of horror.
0.4 A colossal mess, which is not at all as dispiriting as those remakes of classic horror which are just empty, shallow exercises in genre mechanics.
0.0 All setup and no payoff makes this a dull film.
0.1 Neither horror, nor comedy. It's barely even a movie...
0.5 Black Christmas works best as a campy deconstruction of the genre than it does as a horror film.
0.7 this reimagining showcases with encyclopaedic relish just about every slasher convention and variation that has evolved over the last thirty or so years since the original Black Christmas screened.
0.125 Shockingly awful in every way imaginable...
0.4 The fans will dig the brief-yet-nasty FX work, but they'll have to slog through a pretty tiresome movie just to get their hands on those nuggets.
0.4 full review in Greek
0.25 Glen Morgan's update of Bob Clark's 1974 slasher flick Black Christmas is an exemplar of how to screw up a modern horror film remake.
0.5 Just another slasher flick that stopped off at the theater on its way to the $5.50 dump bin at Wal-Mart.
0.5 Director Glen Morgan has a nice pictorial sense and a flair for ghoulish caricature, but the film is muddled and choppy.
0.4 One for real horror-buffs only.
0.4 Despite some admirably gory bits, this is a disappointing horror remake that's neither as scary nor as funny as it thinks it is.
0.6 Although this is a more standard horror film, the tone is witty and gleefully grisly.
0.25 Unfortunately for those hoping for shower scenes and other R-rated shenanigans, there's only one and it's pretty lame.
0.6 The result's an undemanding multiplex filler -- a ho-ho-horror movie that knows it's the season to be jolly.
0.8 the most audacious and unlikely great horror movie in years!
0.5 A surprisingly memorable creepfest that fleshes out the characters' backstories while adding a heaping helping of blacker-than-pitch humor to the proceedings.
0.25 Creativity is a stranger to this sick excuse for entertainment, which pounds a ridiculous back story into a butchered rehash that includes incest, cannibalism, eyeball gouging and impossibly dumb plot contrivances.
0.125 Oh, how painfully incompetent this movie is.
0.125 What would Christmas be without the release of a lackluster horror movie?
0.2 This movie serves up a bland, interchangeable mix of victims. Because the sitting ducks don't display any personality, it's hard to get worked up about their fate.
0.25 Connoisseurs of trashy moviemaking are left with a bland slasher film, filled with a bad guy who lacks menace, a script that lacks humor and several hot young characters who have the nerve to go throughout the picture without taking their clothes off.
0.1 It's one of the least original serial killer flicks of the decade.
0.3 'Tis the season to enjoy some bloodshed with your eggnog, right? Not in this case.
0.375 Morgan borrows Christmas-specific nastiness from a wide range of fright flicks, but the result is less than the sum of its parts.
0.1 Glen Morgan's disastrous remake smothers terror beneath a blanket of unnecessary information, revealing too much and teasing too little.
0.375 Where the first film was a seminal forerunner of early stalker classics like Halloween, this version feels as stale as old gingerbread.
0.375 Silly, obvious, clumsy, and just gruesome enough to keep jaded genre fans from angrily throwing popcorn at the screen.
0.875 Morgan's gleeful desire to shock the audience both with the gore and the perverse backstory is delightfully infectious.
0.5 For me, this was one of the best horror movies of the year, which sounds glowing until you consider the competition.
0.2 Like an ugly tie or a pair of slipper socks, Black Christmas is destined to be forgotten the instant it's unwrapped, gathering dust until the season rolls around again.
0.3 an R-rated misfire from beginning to end
0.375 Dumbed-down, unscary hokum without a clue how to ratchet up a person's heartbeat.
0.5 Who needs Scrooge or the Grinch to ruin your holiday cheer when you have tired horror rehashes like this one?
0.25 Lazy, perfunctory and free of tension, the new version will satisfy neither the admirers of the original nor anyone looking for a gory respite from seasonal good cheer.
0.2 Bad film fans will think Christmas has come early, everyone else should ask for the receipt.
0.4 An overripe melodrama -- a time waster.
0.6 Como suspense, o filme nao desaponta. Porem, a ambiguidade moral de seus 'herois' acaba por transmitir uma mensagem oposta aquela que o filme pretende defender.
0.125 ... [Alan] Parker lures you into the theater, but then you sit down and all he has waiting for you is a whoopee cushion.
0.4 In arguing that calmly and deliberately taking a life can never be justified... it ends up arguing just the opposite. It's bad drama and worse politics.
0.3 It isn't long before we yearn to see David Gale as the poster-boy for deserved capital punishment.
0.75 I appear to be alone in my adoration of this strong film...
0.2 Dead Man Walking if written by Charlie Kaufman.
0.6 . When all is said and done, The Life of David Gale is thus only worth about $8.50 on a cheap Tuesday. .
0.75 'A pesar de las infundadas criticas en su contra, Alan Parker logra un trabajo estupendamente llevado a la pantalla al que vale mucho la pena echarle un vistazo'
0.3 Promises an intelligent debate about capital punishment but delivers a predictable thriller, directed with stunning amateurishness by Alan Parker.
0.25 An evil piece of junk that uses the death penalty as a gimmick for a dumb thriller.
0.4 Worth seeing for Spacey and Linney but you'll spend more time arguing about the finale than you will about the issue behind it.
0.3 Suffers from Parker's same overindulgence in making points at the expense of making stories.
0.5 a serviceable thriller, albeit one with some serious logic gaps and narrative loopholes
0.25 The type of preaching the choir would walk out on.
0.4 Any dialectic concerning the ethical-moral issues of execution is overridden and undermined when the Hollywood murder-mystery formula takes the front seat.
0.25 I don't like being lied to. I don't like being cheated. I don't like being manipulated by a filmmaker willing to negate his entire story for the sake of cleverness or a cheap thrill. It should come as no surprise that I didn't like 'The Life of David Gal
0.25 The difference here is that "Gale" addresses death without bringing anything new or interesting to the discussion. It is shocking when it should be insightful, time and again turning to its idiotic thriller subplot before its philosophical debate gets int
0.5 First-time screenwriter Charles Randolph has figured out a way to combine his message movie with a more generic race-against-time thriller. And while the combination provides a kind of novelty that works for a while, it ultimately falls apart.
0.2 Turns out to be not much more than a high-concept question padded out to feature length.
0.4 It's far too contrived and implausible a house of cards.
0.5 ...a mundane and manipulative crime thriller that doesn't have anything new to say...Parker doesn't know when to appropriately distribute or neutralize the tension of his toxic storyline in subtle, heartfelt strokes
0.8 It's a pleasure to watch these excellent actors politely unfold the origami tale.
0.375 It's hard to explain why "The Life of David Gale" is so bad...
0.35 It's lazy filmmaking for a lazy audience, and it's truly shameful.
0.25 The movie shoots itself not only in the foot but in the bleeding heart as well, offering a series of (mostly predictable) plot twists that undermine every point that Parker and his posse were trying to make.
0.0 Bad movies are easy to make, but as this overheated and self-defeating propaganda piece shows, it takes a genuinely talented group of people to come up with the most astonishing botch jobs.
0.8 As a thriller -- despite its implausibilities -- it's really a pretty darn good movie. Parker's signature atmosphere and his uncanny precision in editing are very much in evidence.
0.4 Director Alan Parker pitches the melodrama on high boil, and his way of dealing with all the holes in Randolph's plot is to place huge, almost defiant exclamation points around them.
0.4 It feels like too much of a sanctimonious sermon, and a sloppy one at that.
0.4 Oh those wacky liberals! What will they think of next?
0.7 The film's far from perfect, but it was entertaining, engaged me throughout and offered up a nice dose of surprise,
0.6 A by-the-numbers thriller made compelling by two complex characters wonderfully brought to life by Kevin Spacey and Laura Linney.
0.5 Kate Winslet is 'Bitsy Bloom.' If she can't save David Gale, she can always hook up with Superman.
0.75 A riveting mystery-drama filled with absorbing writing and even better acting.
0.5 It's what you'd expect, but not what you'd hope for, from a February release. And it's starting, alarmingly, to be what you'd expect from a Kevin Spacey movie.
0.125 It does for anti-death penalty activism what Battlefield earth did for Scientology.
0.6 One to add to the list of recent films not worthy of Spacey's talents.
0.25 A manipulative melodrama so intent on ramming home its political message that it runs roughshod over logic, telegraphs its plot developments and browbeats its audience.
0.5 For the most part, David Gale just feels cluttered and artificial.
0.5 By the end, it reveals itself as too pat, too absurd and -- as a polemic against capital punishment -- philosophically self- defeating.
0.75 The cast keeps rescuing the movie from a tendency to wobble off into soapy corners, and its liberal politics is handled with undogmatic skill.
0.625 The film manages the feat of preaching to both the converted and the unconverted.
0.5 A convoluted mystery that thinks it's way smarter than it is.
0.8 A well-made drama that employs the twists and turns of a thriller to generate heat around the volatile issue of capital punishment.
0.5 A movie that at first glance seems to be using the mystery/suspense genre as a lure for a serious discussion of the death penalty, but turns out to be merely exploiting capital punishment arguments for easy goosebumps.
0.25 Lazy, manipulative and misanthropic to its core, this is a prime example of Hollywood at its most sickeningly self-important.
0.4 David Gale makes the good ol' boy death penalty proponents look Neanderthal while inadvertently making their well-meaning opposition look psychotic. Who are we supposed to root for here?
0.75 The picture is neither flawless nor foolproof, but it's smart and tight enough to keep audiences off-balance and entertained for the running length.
0.6 What we have here is a badly flawed script and a melodrama about American life that may only be interesting to American movie-goers.
0.6 This is a good yarn with enough twists to satisfy even the most demanding armchair detectives who may guess a few but not likely all.
0.5 Charles Randolph has written one of the worst attempts at agitprop [Russian for theatrical propaganda] of the decade, and we've still got seven years to go.
0.375 It takes some sort of talent to make a film as completely strident, overbearing, heavy-handed and downright off-putting as The Life of David Gale, although it's not exactly clear what type of talent it requires.
0.375 The Life of David Gale demonstrates why Hollywood liberals have such an awful reputation for being humorless, overbearing and self-important.
0.2 This Kevin Spacey/Kate Winslet death row drama has pretensions of grandeur and a script that would shame Nancy Drew.
0.5 Like a comfy, handsome $12 sweater. On first wearing, it seems like a bargain. Pull just one string, and it swiftly unravels in your hands.
0.25 A snide, juvenile, plot-twisting story about capital punishment that should provoke activists truly concerned about the death penalty to rage, and guilty-pleasure seekers to lament that the movie fails even as decent trash.
0.375 ...ludicrous and less-than-suspenseful.
0.0 The two words that kept springing into my mind were not 'smart movie' but 'utter crap'
0.625 The Life of David Gale is gripping and has a good logical payoff. Director Alan Parker has done better but he could've done a lot worse here.
0.625 The very things that give the picture its entertainment value -- the suspenseful contrivances of the story -- are precisely what undermine its ostensible message.
0.0 I am sure the filmmakers believe their film is against the death penalty. I believe it supports it and hopes to discredit the opponents of the penalty as unprincipled fraudsters.
0.4 The Life of David Gale is the world's first movie with a penalty phase.
0.5 An Alan Parker potboiler in the tradition of his Angela's Ashes and Come See the Paradise -- more concerned with quickening our pulses than broadening our minds.
0.8 Kevin Spacey and Laura Linney turn in fine performances.
0.3 The film is a polemic against the death penalty, which may be a reasonable position, but played out as a mystery/thriller it's silly, and often embarrassing.
0.25 So nasty, hysterical and long-winded -- and unintentionally makes capital punishment foes look so twisted -- you wish someone had administered a lethal injection to this dreck in its planning stages.
0.625 Suspenseful but overworked death penalty thriller.
0.5 Its heart is in the right place, for sure, but its script needs to be in a rewrite place.
0.25 Almost unbearably sanctimonious -- not to mention preposterous.
0.5 It's fine, even admirable, to make movies with a definite point of view but not if heavy-handed opinion overwhelms the entertainment.
0.5 Instead of mounting a fierce argument against socially sanctioned killing, Parker gives the other side ammunition and allows those predisposed to executions to exit feeling smug and reassured in their beliefs.
0.5 Parker uses the same overbearing touch in David Gale that he did in Angela's Ashes and Mississippi Burning.
0.4 A thriller whose serious underpinnings are undermined by clunky plot mechanics and obtrusive stylistic flourishes.
0.5 Teeters between compelling political commentary and sanctimonious claptrap like a drunk humanities professor chatting up a student at a faculty party.
0.3 David Gale may be the first liberal-leaning movie that could be brought up on assault charges since its director, Alan Parker, made Midnight Express.
0.4 Parker's tendency to smash through stories ends up being brutal on Spacey and Winslet.
0.5 Fails both as advocacy and entertainment.
0.7 While it won't win any awards, it's mildly clever and entertaining...even while being a bit annoying. Wait to rent it.
0.4 Spacey's typically solid acting cancels out Winslet's overwrought airhead character.
0.6 As the mystery unravels, the movie builds to such a ludicrous crescendo, you'll wish Keyser Soze did it.
0.25 If the film heaps contempt upon the death penalty, it heaps even more contempt upon those who oppose it.
0.4 An obvious and smug sermon on the death penalty.
0.5 The Life of David Gale acts as its own executioner, injecting the very first scene with a lethal cliche from which the film never recovers.
0.625 This is a movie that rivets the attention and stirs our emotions before collapsing into wild, unconvincing melodrama.
0.6 Spacey has exactly the right amount of understated earnestness to make this death row drama effective.
0.5 Tries to give you two films for the price of one. Unfortunately, it does neither very well.
0.75 Glitzy, yes, challenging credibility, maybe, but nonetheless a clever thriller emerges from a political diatribe.
0.4 Our audience was howling in laughter at Winslet's over-emotional histrionics, and by the end, so was I.
0.0 Politicism is charted on a circle, and the extremes of both ends tend to meet at the bottom.
0.25 Somewhere between thriller and propaganda.
0.75 A perfect film for a February opening, a time when viewers are less critical and happy to kick back and enjoy an old fashioned mystery/thriller.
0.25 Alan Parker's turgid, bleeding-heart The Life of David Gale may just shame good liberals straight into the Republican Party.
1.0 Needless to say a must-see for Wongcolytes, Days of Being Wild is also an excellent entry point for people who haven't yet caught this most exotic and habit-forming of cinematic bugs.
1.0 Every shot is perfectly composed and compelling, with light and shadow manipulated to maximum effect.
0.625 It now seems like a promising apprentice work, almost a blueprint for the writer-director's most acclaimed and famous film, In the Mood for Love.
1.0 There are images in Days that can make your heart stop for no other reason than that they're perfect.
1.0 A triumph of movie pop poetics.
0.8 A heady mix of sex, obsession, alienation and angst.
0.375 Wong creates a dream state of shifting, stalling, liquid time, a kind of gauzy unreality that made In the Mood for Love so seductive.
1.0 A rapturous film about cool men, hot women and the thousand and one nights and cigarettes they share.
1.0 It's inexplicable that Wong's early masterpiece has been virtually absent from American screens since he completed it in 1991.
0.75 Raw and jagged, only hinting at the greatness that would come. But even imperfect Wong Kar-Wai is better than the best of most.
0.4 A plotless gangster story is a nearly impossible paradox to pull off, however intelligent the underpinnings of the film.
0.8 [A] brilliant examination of one-way love and crashed relationships.
0.875 It goes to show that "average" Wong Kar-Wai is better than just about anyone else on a good day.
0.8 Wong is a born cinema virtuoso who can elicit genuine emotions while expressing them amid an atmosphere of the most sweeping romanticism.
0.4 Stephen King pits kids vs. killer clown from hell.
0.6 The first half is terrifying -- or was when I was younger. The second half has a bad special effect spider.
0.62 Too vanilla, too banal and too earnest to do the source material any justice.
0.8 Effective TV adaptation of King's novel
0.6 Top-Calibre horror
0.6 As made-for-TV horror, it lacks real bite, but still has a fine unsettling atmosphere. And let's face it: clowns are REALLY scary.
0.6 This is a slick, fast-paced film that maintains its sometimes unbearable tension until the last roll of the dice.
0.5 In what amounts only to an intermittently intriguing movie experience, a tug of war is going on between the compelling and the confounding.
0.5 Director Rupert Wyatt pulls no punches in vividly portraying the moral gutter gambling addicts can find themselves in, and Mark Wahlberg's boyish face reflects the desperation that keeps him from wising up.
0.8 The Gambler is about the lure to triumph over potential disaster and finding a way to "treat those two imposters the same."
0.4 Despite stylish direction by Rupert Wyatt, who pulls off a few arresting set pieces, The Gambler never manages to make sense of William Monahan's often laughably overripe screenplay.
0.6 The Gambler feels academic and slightly out of time.
0.4 This is a misconceived and strangely cast affair that can't work out its own attitude toward its main character.
0.8 Mark Wahlberg is always a physically articulate actor; here he wrings despair and disillusionment from every beaten-down gesture, every curt exchange.
0.4 The Gambler ... has become an advert for gambling. You couldn't make it up.
0.6 Swaggering and dialogue-heavy, The Gambler certainly talks the talk, but ultimately it lacks the courage of its convictions.
0.4 When the randomly appearing lip balm on the main protagonist's lips becomes a source of distraction, you know you're not hooked.
0.4 Mark Wahlberg's designer-suited performance is shallow and self-admiring ... and William Monahan (who wrote The Departed) devises a new narrative direction which is contrived and preposterous.
0.5 With a strangely simplistic screenplay by William Monahan (The Departed), director Rupert Wyatt and his cast struggle to dig beneath the surface in a meaningful way.
0.6 A rare grown up thriller, full of interesting bits and a strong turn from Wahlberg. But as a whole Wyatt's film doesn't grip as it might.
0.4 Hate the players, not the game.
0.625 Chockablock with interesting performances (Jessica Lange is the professor's wealthy mother, John Goodman is a Jabba-like loan shark) and silly self-indulgences (slow-motion pole-dancers gyrate to Dinah Washington's recording of 'This Bitter Earth').
0.6 With dialogue as acidic as this delivered by actors like these, The Gambler somehow transcends its pomposity to be really quite fun.
0.4 It's hard to know what to make of Mark Wahlberg's character in The Gambler - but at least that puts you on an equal footing with Wahlberg himself.
0.4 Wahlberg can deliver a soliloquy on life as a game of chance with rat-a-tat rhythm, but he walks and talks like he's too cool for school, never properly conveying the deep well of angst that he keeps banging on about.
0.6 Monahan's script is far too wordy for its own good and the uneven score (by two composers) seems to be taken over by a Michael Nyman fan at all of the wrong moments.
0.6 Wahlberg finds his most interesting role since The Departed in a film that's heavy on atmosphere and suspense but shy of a full deck when it comes to characterisation.
0.6 The movie has the sheen but lacks the sweat of James Toback's original riff on Dostoevsky's autobiographical story.
0.8 The Gambler is a remake that effectively updates a subtle yet nihilistic story; Wyatt and Monahan stick to their mean-spirited guns and offer up a sour view of addiction and the havoc it wreaks.
0.4 The script is painfully overwritten whenever we want action and woefully underwritten when we need explanation.
0.6 An impeccably constructed genre picture. It doesn't have a whole lot to say, but it's entertaining
0.75 Mark Wahlberg is a sure bet in "The Gambler," an update of a James Caan movie.
0.85 It's better than it has to be, and director Rupert Wyatt ...handles the story with economy and intelligence.
0.6 While [Wahlberg is] no James Caan, he's certainly able to infuse this mesmerizing character study with enough rancid brio to make this self-flagellating hustler believably doomstruck.
0.7 2014's slickest bender, The Gambler provides enough pleasure in its visceral storytelling.
0.5 The hopeful ending comes off as too little, too late. Wahlberg gives the role his all, but sticking with him is a futile gesture. The Gambler never pays off. It's a sucker's bet.
0.4 You can't win with a weak hand.
0.75 A richly realized exercise in style, in which an action director ("Rise of the Planet of the Apes'&#8201;" Rupert Wyatt) and an action star (Mark "I think we got a Trans-foamah" Wahlberg) dive deep into a '70s noir classic and come up aces.
1.05 Original and atypical "The Gambler," though intriguing, is ultimately less than satisfying.
0.4 A bad remake of a bad 1974 movie.
0.6 In a way, it's more alluring and less profound than the original, but enough of a cautionary tale that it's still worth a look.
0.7 It's not quite a holiday movie, but a powerful performance by Wahlberg makes it worth seeing.
0.625 A movie that displays a winning hand for much of its length should never turn up snake eyes at the end.
0.375 It's just like the Kenny Rogers song says: "You've got to know when to hold 'em, know when to fold 'em." It's time for this "Gambler" to walk away.
0.4 The return is as miniscule as the stakes.
0.625 If someone is really that intent on self-destruction, why should we be his audience?
0.4 The Gambler is pretty much a misfire of concept - even if it makes the admirable move of going for a different thematic angle on the original material.
0.5 "The Gambler" should have been called "Three Supporting Characters in Search of a Lead."
0.5 A dull, self-consciously arty wallow in the messed-up life of a character we don't care about.
0.625 A remake of the 1974 film that starred James Caan, Rupert Wyatt's new movie is never short on style, but it lacks some of the grit of the original.
0.625 This certainly is one driven narrative. Wahlberg reportedly lost 60 lbs. for the role, and his gaunt look makes Jim seem all the more haunted as he repeatedly throws away vast sums on games of chance.
0.625 In a role that would have been ideal for Tom Cruise in psycho mode, Wahlberg is merely OK. Unfortunately, the film's effectiveness turns on whether we buy into his angst.
0.5 The character as written is so pretentious and self-destructive that it's difficult for the audience to connect with his story.
0.75 The Gambler is a solid remake - a film that retraces the path of the original while carving out its own identity.
0.75 It is easy ... to observe this character with a certain degree of fascination. It's enough.
0.625 A string of powerful performances, particularly Wahlberg's, and a killer soundtrack - including M83, Dinah Washington and St. Paul & the Broken Bones - redeem a middling entertainment gambit.
0.75 The extent to which The Gambler may intentionally or unintentionally glamorize or romanticize gambling does raise concerns, but...[the film] remains a study in the self-destructive personality.
0.6 The Gambler doesn't dig far below the surface of Jim's addiction, but there's still entertainment value in watching a man go down in flames.
0.875 A remarkably entertaining drama that's also, at times, a deep pit of sadness.
0.5 Like Jim, the movie is all swagger and no follow-through.
0.75 The Gambler is about the torturous dissatisfaction some people feel when they've managed to do everything right but still don't feel fulfilled
0.75 This remake of the 1974 James Caan film written by James Toback ... crackles with mordant cynicism.
0.375 The Gambler is a hollow, overwrought and glibly cynical remake of a '70s drama about a self-destructive academic.
0.5 Low on action and tension, long on grand speeches. Wahlberg gets an A for effort in an unlikely role.
0.5 Slick but slight, The Gambler is an unnecessary remake of a well-regarded 1974 film.
0.375 Watching a hostile pessimist purposefully sabotaging his own good fortune just isn't as fun as it sounds.
0.5 The bulk of the movie simply doesn't live up to the promise of its great opening sequence.
0.4 Its central flaw of having an unwatchable protagonist is simply too massive to ignore, and sours everything that comes as an extension of it.
0.7 At the risk of overselling what is a good but not great movie, The Gambler is a slick, stylish thriller about gambling, self-destruction and personal redemption.
0.6 Mark Wahlberg, William Monahan and Rupert Wyatt are all working at the same level of comic intensity, and the thrill of the ride with them is enough to distract from some conceptual sloppiness.
0.5 This remake is just a watered-down version that hits all of the same beats as the original, only judges its nominal hero far less harshly, and emerges an oddly amoral film with an ending that borders on being ludicrous
0.9 Avoids the typical bombast of the normal crime thriller, instead focusing its efforts at being a densely-scripted character study.
0.6 Wyatt's showy direction gets in the way of the story more often than it should, but Wahlberg and a solid supporting cast will keep you invested in the outcome.
0.6 Whether Wahlberg's been miscast or misdirected, we never buy him as a desperate addict. Still, the movie is so quick and cool that for much of the time, we barely notice how little is actually at stake.
0.625 The ending may be a total cop-out, but Wahlberg never embarrasses himself.
0.5 It suffers from a bloodless unwillingness to put too much on the line, made corporeal in the editing, with music-slathered time lapse standing in for Bennett's adrenaline-fueled epiphany during a roulette binge in Reno.
0.7 The Gambler is a consistently entertaining game of chicken Jim plays with his life.
0.7 Too bad the main storyline of The Gambler is so obvious. With a little more finesse we'd have a great film instead of a very good one.
0.5 The Gambler had all the right ingredients... but it's a disappointing misfire that fails to capitalize on its intriguing premise.
0.6 Mark Wahlberg puts forth one of his better efforts in The Gambler, a character study that's more "Hollywood" than "deeply reflective."
0.75 The Gambler asks us why we root for a hero, just because he's the protagonist. I'm not talking about an unlikeable hero or an antihero, but one with whom it is actually foolish for us to identify at all.
0.2 Our anti-hero has a gambling addiction. He is depressed. He is trapped. And the arc of the movie is about him trying to ditch his unhappy life and pull it out. Snore.
0.6 Certainly Julia Roberts' strangest role, and she does an OK job.
0.375 [Roberts's] acting is of the Melrose Place/Andrew Shue variety, her eyes blank and mouth often agape (not unlike the photo of her used in the print ads).
0.2 If nothing else, proves that when you take Julia's lipstick away, much of her appeal goes, too.
0.8 Julia Roberts' performance was justly mocked, but the remainder of the film may be the most faithful version of Jekyll and Hyde ever made.
0.5 Dreary, stagy and dull.
0.5 The film is too mannered, too stuffy.
0.4 Is it a gothic horror? Is it a psychological thriller? Is it a love story? Ultimately, it seems the filmmakers don't even know the answer, and as a result Mary Reilly doesn't succeed in any genre.
0.8 Um filme intrigante.
0.66 Who would have thought that a movie directed by the talented Stephen Frears and featuring capable acting by John Malkovich and a decidedly un-perky and un-made-up Julia Roberts would fall off the tracks and fail?
0.2 Sluggish and interminable, Mary Reilly makes good on little of its potential to be disturbing and none of its chance to be emotionally involving.
0.25 With the exception of a couple of inspired moments, Mary Reilly is merely a curious variation of an often-told story.
0.5 A perversely courageous disaster that audiences will simply hate.
0.75 Mary Reilly works as Gothic melodrama because it understands the genre so well.
0.625 Those expecting a traditional horror film may be disappointed. However, for those with an open mind, and a taste for the eerie, Mary Reilly may well be one to watch.
0.8 Mary Reilly will undoubtedly leave many people cold, but I snuggled into its bleakness.
0.4 As a study of repression, Mary Reilly has some great moments, but it seems director Stephen Frears was aiming for intense and brooding, and boring is what he got.
0.125 My distaste for the movie comes not from disliking these scenes, but from being put to sleep by the boredom of the show.
0.5 Unfortunately, your response to the bizarre story of terror and lust that dare not speak their name is pretty well limited to Roberts' response -- which is, in turn, limited by her technique.
0.4 It's a slight, moribund bugaboo, a bump in the night, and then nothing.
0.0 Mary Reilly is Roberts' worst misfire to date, despite the fact that on paper it must have looked awfully good.
0.875 Mary Reilly is haunting, not only because of its foggy, shadowy settings, but because of the questions it encourages us to ask about ourselves and others.
1.0 Endlessly imitated but never rivalled, this opening instalment of George Lucas's original space trilogy dresses up the timeless tale of good versus evil with ground-breaking special effects and a dazzling array of intergalactic characters.
0.875 What places it a sizable cut about the routine is its spectacular visual effects, the best since Stanley Kubrick's 2001.
0.8 Sci-fi action classic perfect for sharing with older kids.
0.8 First of a sci-fi phenomenon, #4 in the series.
0.8 Lucas consegue imprimir energia a direcao e estabelece seus personagens como figuras imediatamente iconicas, mesmo que, aqui e ali, seus pessimos dialogos comprometam a experiencia.
1.0 It is a sweeping epic with classical themes lifted from the teachings of Joseph Campbell, but it maintains strong central characters.
1.0 So, is this the best film of all time? Certainly not. But it definitely is one of the most enduring, and it's hard not to be seduced.
1.0 Puts most recent 'epic' blockbuster mediocrities to shame.
1.0 One of those few films that you can expect to find in almost anyone's collection.
1.0 Lucas' trilogy earned its place in eternity not for its mechanical precision, but for its intangible qualities of inspiration and wonder.
0.9 ...the key to the movie's success is its creation of a family of characters we can love and believe in.
1.0 The movie, modeled after old-fashioned Westerns and Joseph Campbell's writings about mythology, also has a sweet innocence.
1.0 classic
0.9 Those of us who were old enough to catch the film as kids the first time around may even find an unexpected lump in their throats as the nostalgia gates bust wide open and Vader gets his, once again, on that giant, silver screen.
0.9 What's fascinating from a cinematic point of view is the magnificently derivative nature of the film. It's an enormous summary of characters, styles, and plot points that surveys 40 years of film history.
0.8 Like many people from my generation, Star Wars is not just a favorite film, but an almost spiritual experience from childhood.
1.0 I can't deny that this is one of the most important and influential movies ever made, and there is more fun stuff in this film than in most.
1.0 Simplemente, y hablando de la cinta: The Force will be with you, always.
1.0 Despite being over-hyped, over-marketed, and fairly flawed, Star Wars remains one of the most memorable and glorious fantasies ever made.
1.0 a communal experience, best seen on the big screen with a large group of enthusiastic people
0.8 It's all very impressive, though I think I'd probably appreciate it a little more if I hadn't literally grown up on Star Wars and its sequels.
0.9 Watching Star Wars again with full knowledge of all that will happen lends some new meaning.
0.9 [An] essential part of contemporary culture.
1.0 George Lucas's space fantasy struck the vortex of American popular culture.
1.0 A grandiose and violent epic with a simple and whimsical heart.
0.85 A classic American tale!
1.0 Lucas fills his screen with loving touches.
1.0 Like some indefatigable King of the Hill, it stands alone and triumphant, regardless of the many imitators that assail its position.
1.0 I was and still am fascinated by the hinted at but never fully developed chemistry between Luke and Princess Leia.
0.9 As much as it changed the people who watched movies, however, it changed the people who made movies even more.
0.875 This special edition re-release really drives home the differences between seeing a movie in the theater and seeing it on video.
0.9 It's easy to see why Star Wars held such an appeal to the kids and adults of the late 1970s.
0.75 A pop-culture landmark!
1.0 All in all, this movie is a classic.
1.0 Twenty years later, George Lucas' loved saga of the war between good and evil in a distant galaxy returns in digitally enhanced and augmented form.
0.8 It's fun and funny.
0.8 A chilly, creepy throwback to classic thrillers.
0.8 An outstanding thriller. Penn at the top of his game.
0.6 Will appeal to fans of Sleuth and other movies in this genre.
0.8 A seriously underrated little mystery flick. Give it a shot!
0.9 One of those rare movies that you're sorry to see end.
1.0 The determined jollity of Georges Delerue's saloon piano score, which later opens up to encompass a wide world of romanticism, sets the tone for Francois Truffaut's audacious second feature, made in 1960.
1.0 An affectionate tribute to the low-budget crime movies that Truffaut so loved, and it's one of my favorite Truffaut films.
0.8 Like Charlie only being able to let his real feelings out through that little crate piano, films like this remind us of our love for film and the possibilities within even the most bare and irreverent stories.
0.5 It is a teasing and frequently amusing (or moving) film that M. Truffaut has made, but it simply does not hang together.
0.7 A neatly insinuating idea, flawlessly executed, Alone With Her marks out its stars and director as ones to watch.
0.7 Alone With Her is a pretty engaging tale, and it's refreshing to see a well-acted, suspenseful drama made without a bloated budget or a lot of bloodletting.
0.8 A novel spin on an oft-told tale, Alone with Her is a fine little indie indeed. What could have been just another gimmick flick turns out to be a pretty intense ride.
0.7 Alone with Her has a dog and a rampant sense of dread, the kind you don't recover from for at least a few days. I'm on the first day.
0.666666666667 Even a conventional, albeit cynical, ending can't ruin such effective mood-making.
0.6 exudes the overall uncomfortable air of watching a depraved home movie
0.75 Alone With Her is a tense, well-shot little thriller in the vein of 'fatal attraction' youth flicks like Fear, The Crush, and Swimfan.
0.625 Through Hanks' and Talancon's subtle, naturalistic performance [writer-director Eric Nicholas] cultivates a human dimension often missing from thrillers.
0.75 Alone With Her has the kind of high ick factor that leaves you squirming -- not because Doug is so diabolical a creation, but because what he does to satisfy his pathology is so practical.
0.625 A B-picture waiting to cut loose in its final 15 minutes, when it devolves into generic stalker-thriller theatrics of the Julia-Roberts-in-distress kind.
0.5 Writer and director Eric Nicholas's latest film, Alone With Her, is a voyeuristic thriller that is fiendishly assured yet ultimately less than the sum of its parts.
0.75 Far superior to the generic thrillers churned out by the big studios.
0.625 A relentlessly-disturbing, cautionary tale about how easy it might be for a deranged maniac to worm his way into your good graces.
0.8 This film chills and hits every paranoia button perfectly.
0.7 The plausibility of the situation (aided tremendously by Talancon's wonderfully natural performance) makes for a deeply disturbing viewing experience.
0.6 Those with a propensity for voyeurism and stalking should be able to relate to Hanks, while ogling Talancon. (Here's hoping you don't happen to be sitting next to one of them in the theatre.)
0.75 The sort of raw drama that, sad to say, never loses its topicality.
1.0 With typical consummate verve, Hitch unfolds a story filled with twists, turns and dramatic contrasts.
1.0 Classic nail-biter is a must for thriller fans.
1.0 the work most necessary for a deeper appreciation of Hitchcock's late masterpieces.
0.83 Even more marvelous after a second viewing
1.0 The prototypical Hitchcock thrill ride.
0.7 Most of the film is a journey through pure Hitchcockian irony and suspense, and well worth the trip.
1.0 Patricia Highsmith's malicious writing seems perfectly suited to Alfred Hitchcock.
0.875 Walker's creepy performance ranks among the best found in any Hitchcock film.
0.875 To ignore the subtext during the runaway carousel climax is to be absolutely blind.
1.0 Two men, a problem, and a crime is an old theme, but the list of works that exploit it perfectly is a short one. Strangers on a Train belongs on it.
1.0 Hitchcock was above all the master of great visual set pieces, and there are several famous sequences in Strangers on a Train.
0.9 Perhaps none of Alfred Hitchcock's 1950s films is quite as intense as Strangers on a Train.
0.8 Quintessential Hitchcock.
1.0 ...one of the original shells for identity-inspired mystery thrillers, in which natural human behavior is the driving force behind the true macabre.
1.0 Farley Granger became the best-known actor out of the film, but it's the tour-de-force performance of Robert Walker as Bruno that's amazing.
0.6 Apenas mais um bom suspense.
1.0 Hitchcock's favourite device of an ordinary man caught in an ever-tightening web of fear plunges Guy into one of the director's most fiendishly effective movies.
0.8 The power of the story - adapted from the novel by Patricia Highsmith - lies in its simplicity, and Hitchcock's piles on the sinister layers as only he can.
1.0 Of all the films Hithcock made, this is one of his absolute masterpieces.
0.75 Hitchcock has a deft touch with his actors producing characters in predicaments that are easy to empathize with.
1.0 Gripping all the way, this is a Hitchcock thriller in which, through happenstance, two men, completely different, are drawn inexorably together and toward an uncommon goal--murder.
0.4 ...his basic premise of fear fired by menace is so thin and so utterly unconvincing that the story just does not stand.
0.4 Em vez de perder tempo com este filme, assista ao otimo O General, inspirado no mesmo personagem, e veja o contraste entre o irlandes real (Gleeson) e o falso (Spacey).
0.25 (It) highlights not so much the crime lord's messianic bent, but Spacey's.
0.5 The best thing that can be said of the picture is that it does have a few cute moments.
0.3 I can only imagine one thing worse than Kevin Spacey trying on an Irish accent, and that's sultry Linda Fiorentino doing the same thing.
0.125 Technically and artistically inept.
0.2 Chega a impressionar que, em meio a tantos elementos desastrosos, a atuacao de Eliza Dushku (que tambem co-produziu o longa) seja inegavelmente a pior coisa do filme.
0.45 The Alphabet Killer suffers from the same symptoms as Passengers: both have an unintentionally feeble-minded character who lazily investigates a mystery while the plot itself seems dull and poorly developed.
0.5 Although Schmidt and Malloy have devoted meticulous attention to Megan's manhunt, which is engrossing and briskly paced for the better part of 85 minutes, their final act seems less like a canny trick than a copout.
0.5 [Eliza Dushku's] commitment to the material is worthier than the cheesy ghost effects of decomposing children that the filmmakers felt the need to add.
0.4 It's too bad there was no way around the story's inherent deficit since this effectively unsettling film, directed by Rob Schmidt, chugs along quite well for a while.
1.0 Is there a film - certainly a British film - that delivers a greater infusion of pure joy than The Italian Job?
0.625 The gold is then stashed in a bus, and the predictable chase ensues.
1.0 As a film, The Italian Job is hardly a work of unalloyed genius; but as a reminder of the time when Britannia really was cool, it's peerless.
0.75 Worthy simply for Benny Hill and his love for "big ladies"
0.4 The film is technically sophisticated and emotionally retarded.
0.8 Superior crime caper that's a little too pleased with itself, but only a little.
0.9 It's the sort of smoothly entertaining and slyly intelligent crowd-pleasing spectacle that will never go out of style.
0.4 Overrated heist film whose climactic chase scene is one of its few redeeming values.
0.75 Very much of its time without ever looking too dated, The Italian Job embraces the classic caper set-up.
0.75 1969's The Italian Job is a freewheeling, completely unpretentious chase comedy.
0.7 The chase is so good it makes the rest of the film pale in comparison.
0.8 Otimos (e hilarios) dialogos, uma incrivel perseguicao final e o carisma - e o cinismo - de Michael Caine transformam este filme em uma experiencia imperdivel.
1.0 Fast, funny and featuring a welter of great one-liners, this is highly entertaining stuff.
0.625 ...the film can often come across as disorienting and uneven.
0.4 CHILD 44 is a thriller with no thrills. It's too long, too dreary, and too overly serious.
0.5 In the end, the film lacks an imagination, and that unfortunately winds up dragging it through the mud.
0.65 Child 44 is not a bad crime-thriller, but it could have been way better, especially given the talent involved.
0.5 Forbidding and forgettable, this plodding adaptation of Tom Rob Smith's suspenseful thriller just doesn't translate onto the big screen.
0.8 I'm going against the current on Daniel Espinosa's Child 44 by simply not hating it, but I'll go further and say it's actually good -- with qualifications.
0.4 Child 44 arrives in cinemas with the kind of dull thud befitting a novel of door-stopper weightiness rather than a work endowed with soaring prose and considerable storytelling prowess.
0.4 Ambitious to a fault, this is a slightly serviceable story of murder that features strong performances, but little more than that.
0.3 An oppressively boring, unappealing and often incomprehensible misfire.
0.5 The movie hints at a riveting story but is incapable of delivering it.
0.2 Hardy is very odd, as usual.
0.4 The story is a confusing bore that leads achingly slowly to a solution as perfunctory as it is implausible.
0.4 Child 44 never knows what it wants to be: a mystery or an uninspired statement on dystopian governments.
0.4 If the Russian accents from this non-Russian cast weren't grating enough, the convoluted and seedy story of Child 44 would be reason enough to pass on this one despite the usually reliable presence of Tom Hardy and Noomi Rapace.
0.375 Equally bloated and scatterbrained.
0.8 ...a tense thriller set in Soviet Russia in 1953...tightly directed with surprisingly good pace...fine performances, especially by Hardy, Rapace, and Oldman...exceptional dark and forbidding cinematography enhanced by understated music.
0.4 A hopelessly muddled, po-faced and occasionally accidentally hilarious thriller set in Stalinist Russia.
0.3 Wouldn't know a "thrill" if it were plastered on a bottle of Stoli.
0.375 Child 44 doesn't just lose the plot. It loses the point.
0.4 In such a bleak and distorted world, it is perverse to try to tell a whodunit story with conventional heroes and villains -- and yet that is what this misguided and contradictory film attempts.
0.8 Tom Hardy rolls his Russian accent around his mouth like its a shot of vodka to be savoured. With his Soviet-issue brutalist haircut and shambling bear's gait, plus the accent as thick as borscht, he inhabits completely the part of Leo Demidov.
0.5 The movie goes wildly off the rails chasing so many characters, subplots, and complications that you may find yourself zoning out.
0.6 Child 44 grows in stature and suspense as it gains focus, eventually revealing itself as a murky depiction of desperately unjust, fearful times.
0.6 Espinosa manages to engineer some standout moments and Hardy rises above his dodgy accent to deliver a cruelly believable portrait of a good man trapped between a hammer and sickle.
0.375 [An] unrelentingly grim, plodding, and close-to-incoherent adaptation of Tom Rob Smith's best-selling mystery.
0.4 Tom Hardy brings his robust, muscular presence to the role of Leo and he is watchable enough, but the forensic and psychological aspects are just dull; there is no fascination in the detection process.
0.4 Child 44 has strong actors, solid production values, and good intentions. But it mixes too many plot threads and ends up telling none of them particularly well.
0.5 The usual serial-killer thriller in Soviet drag.
0.375 Ultimately, what we have is a bloated, grim, underwhelming affair, which is unfortunate - because the movie starts out with a lot going for it.
0.4 Everyone overacts, leaning heavily on moments of unexpected shouting, with Hardy taking bottom honors.
0.4 A muddled, mumbling thriller that never gets us in an iron grip.
0.5 an exercise in empty histrionics.
0.6 When it finally gets going, it becomes gloweringly compelling ...
0.625 Child 44 could have been far more compelling had it dug deeper into its political thriller layers and not drifted into yet another story of a diabolical killer on the loose.
0.4 A mediocre, generic production that does little to inspire.
0.6 Tom Hardy is characteristically compelling as Leo Demidov, a runaway orphan-turned-WW2 soldier transformed into a war hero by his role in the Battle of Berlin.
0.375 Just say nyet.
0.5 Despite gritty atmosphere and a sometimes smart script by the estimable Richard Price, whose credits include "The Wire," "Child 44" can't sort out the basics.
0.25 The film is at once devoted to corroborating and casting an exaggerated light on Soviet paranoia and the state's rhetoric of unmasking its enemies.
0.4 It shouldn't be possible to make a movie this bad with a cast this good.
0.55 Gets lost in a meandering, overly-complicated narrative that often loses sight of the story it's trying to get across.
0.4 If 'Child 44' has any reason to exist it's so hungry Tom Hardy completists having something, anything else to chew on.
0.3 A Soviet-era slog through crime and corruption, painted in grim shades of muck, blood, moss and bark, director Daniel Espinosa's "Child 44" turns a best-selling period-piece procedural into a slow, tedious thriller almost totally devoid of thrills.
0.2 Thanks to a feeble script, bland direction and - God, why? - those impenetrable accents, no one emerges from this fiasco with much dignity.
0.8 Hardy is immaculate as Leo, from accent to demeanour. Now on his fourth film with Hardy, Oldman is a pleasure to watch, and even the smallest of roles have been carefully cast ...
0.6 Hardy is excellent, his mix of strength and compassion giving genuine depth to a character who could simply have been a figurehead for the march of change.
0.6 Tom Hardy is excellent in the lead role and director Daniel Espinosa crafts some brilliant individual scenes but the story gets a little bogged down with a surfeit of subplots.
0.4 It feels like the longest, deathliest panto ever made -- and still it isn't over.
0.625 Maybe Harry Potter could cast a magic spell over us before we see his new movie.
0.7 Yates does a pretty good job with the heavy lifting, but there's not much poetry to this exercise that brings the story of the boy wizard one step closer to its conclusion.
0.8 Deathly Hallows is the first Harry Potter film that fully delivers on the promise of J.K. Rowling's works, expertly balancing a tricky and expansive narrative, along with quiet character moments and some rollicking action sequences.
1.0 As J.K. Rowling wove a conclusion as ominous as it was elegant in the final installment of the Potter series, so too has director David Yates in Part 1 of Deathly Hallows.
0.83 Sure, there are some rearranging and compressing of scenes and facts, but the two-and-a-half hour runtime for half a book allows screenwriter Steve Kloves and director David Yates the space to faithfully retell a really good story.
0.8 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 1 is beautifully shot with wonderful atmosphere and an appropriately dark tone, making it a very enjoyable experience.
0.8 The biggest plus of this film is that the story is brought out of Hogwarts and into a greater world.
0.875 Alternately funny and touching, it's the best film in the series, an "Empire Strikes Back" for these wizards and their wizarding world. And those effects? They're so special you don't notice them.
0.3 This penultimate entry in the series lacks the life and the imagination of its worthy predecessors.
0.75 It seems unfair to chide the entire film for one sagging act, so in the end, this first part gets a slight recommendation for its characters, art direction, and some thrills.
0.875 A terrific set-up to the final chapter of our favorite boy wizard's saga.
0.9 Far more emotionally complex and scary than any previous entry - Potter 7.1 is the franchise's best chapter yet.
0.7 Fortunately, the good outweighs the mediocre, so in the end this is one of the better installments in the series.
0.75 No more professors, no more books; no more Potter's defiant looks.
0.875 The domineering final stretch of a story that has become as much popcorn distraction as old, reliable friend is shaping up to be part family reunion, part merciless slugfest.
0.5 The magic is lost on the very young because of the films' even darker tone.
0.875 The saga of Harry Potter definitely heats up before it winds down.
0.6 Probablemente la mejor de la serie desde El Prisionero de Azkaban (2004), HP7 es una pelicula de clima denso, oscuro y ominoso, excelentemente filmada.
0.78 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part I is the first entry of the franchise to really capture the essence of J.K. Rowling's masterworks.
0.8 Although it feels far too long, Yates and Kloves thankfully mix the dark drama with lighter comedy, allowing the characters to grow organically
0.625 Potter stumbles at the finish line with tepid Hallows.
0.9 The trio has clearly advanced beyond the pure buddy stages of childhood.
0.8 Judging by this first half, this touchstone series is well on its way to getting the sendoff it deserves.
0.9 Yates has been building his version of this world for two movies now, and he rightfully doesn't let up.
0.9 Fulfills the promise of Brit TV director David Yates as the perfect Harry Potter director -- and quite possibly as a filmmaker to reckon with in general.
0.8 "Deathly Hallows" is a significant improvement over the slow and talky previous film
0.7 Pretty artful, complex, compelling work for a film that technically doesn't have a beginning or end.
0.75 The grimness of Deathly Hallows replaces the lighthearted tone of the previous films ... how much of an improvement this is depends on how serious you thought the series should be.
0.8 Part 1 concludes with good and evil evenly balanced, both sides having suffered losses in pursuit of ultimate victory.
0.75 The decision to split it into two movies couldn't have paid off more. Yates finally has the time to spend with Harry, Ron, and Hermione that's he hasn't had lately, and the movie is 100 percent better for it.
0.5 In Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 1, the tone has completed its change. The initial innocence, playfulness, and fresh discovery of magic is long gone. Horror now prevails.
0.5 A stop gap, not a movie.
0.7 Deathly Hallows Part 1 is a damn fine piece of film - if I had the faintest idea what was going on in it, I might have enjoyed it even more.
0.5 Has too many plot threads to follow in its willy-nilly efforts to set the stage for the real ending.
0.8 It may be the scariest, but it's also one of the strongest in the series.
0.5 Not wild about this "Harry". Half the book equals half the entertainment.
0.8 It's not without its faults, but those glitches are largely irrelevant because it ticks all the boxes Potter-heads want to see ticked.
0.75 David Yates's third crack at the franchise goes to a dark, interesting place, even if the whole enterprise feels rather played-out, so last decade.
0.6 On its own, it's the worst film in the series since the first two... I suspect it will wear well. It was never meant to be a stand-alone movie, after all.
0.75 A water-treading sequel with no emotional momentum ostensibly serving as a setup for next summer's grand finale
0.75 It's essentially a horror movie, set in the belly of the beast, almost literally: The film's not 10 minutes old before a giant constrictor opens its fanged jaws and swallows the camera lens -- and us -- whole, plunging the screen into darkness.
0.6 If its total success can only be properly measured upon arrival of the conclusion in July, the fact that Part 1 makes that worth waiting for should be taken as some kind of victory.
0.8 While this Harry Potter is the most murky and forlorn so far, its most grave battle is the internal question between the corporate and creative types. We know why the seventh film was extricated into two, but should it really have been?
0.6 Saved by a riveting first hour, excellent cast and beautiful production, a multitude of flaws in pacing, exposition and the strange point at which the film ends puts this chapter far from the best in the franchise.
0.75 the cleaving of Rowling's 759-page finale into two separate films ultimately benefits the material, allowing the filmmakers to take their time and keep as much of the story as possible while also maintaining a taut narrative pace
0.5 The three main leads' deficient acting ability causes the movie to falter in the middle. The absence of the colorful supporting players to bolster enthusiasm is a crucial missing ingredient. The computer-generated special visual effects are...
0.8 Of all characters, Dobby (at one point the Jar Jar Binks of the Harry Potter World) steals the show.
0.75 The coasting comes in the middle of the movie, which is fortunate since it leaves the production with a vibrant opening act and a powerhouse final hour.
0.75 The best-looking and best-acted film in the series so far. Drags a bit in the middle act. Otherwise, a solid wind-up for the grand finale.
0.8 The genius of why this film, like the book, resonates so deeply is that Rowling has found the perfect junction of pure fantasy and real politics gone horribly wrong
0.75 This latest installment is almost Bressonian in its setup and execution. If nothing else, it's audacious.
0.8 Get ready for a long eight months, Potterites.
0.6 full review at Movies for the Masses
0.6 Although it represents a natural progression in the series, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 1 will be a slog for those new to the Potter universe.
0.75 We might sometimes take the skills of Radcliffe, Grint and Watson for granted ... they deserve acclaim for keeping the continuity of their performances intact for a decade.
0.75 'Part II' won't come until next summer so for now, if you have been a faithful follower, you won't bored at all with this installment, just a bit anxious for the next one.
0.75 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 1 is slower and stranger than any of the previous films, simultaneously raising hopes for a haunting finale while dimming hopes for a magical one.
1.0 By any measure, Deathly Hallows is a ripping thriller.
0.7 ...what should have been great is merely good, a solid prequel to the proposed chaos to come.
0.875 Yates, Radcliffe and the rest of the Potter posse are giving fans exactly what they deserve -- a powerful denouement worthy of a boy wizard who has charmed the world for more than a dozen years.
1.0 'When I say that HP7 is amazing, please understand that if it violated my love for the book, I'd be ripping it to shreds with my bare hands.'
0.73 The dark tone, the real sense of sacrifice, the strained relationships, and an ending that suggests that the good guys are utterly outmatched, combine to give this film stakes that feel like they matter.
0.722 Somewhat unevenly paced and lacks exposition, but there's no denying its stylish, exquisite production values. Avid Harry Potter fans will be captivated, thrilled and left drooling for Part 2.
0.625 Penultimate installment mostly for lovers of the books
0.6 All Yates has to do is coax decent performances out of his young charges and make sure the fantastical is a fair representaion of what happens in the books.
0.8 Harry Potter fans, your bittersweet moment is here. Fortunately, the sweet far outweighs the bitter.
0.8 Excellent, epic saga continues to get darker, more intense.
0.4 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallow: Part 1 is bad on an epic scale. The worst film in the series. Period.
0.5 A meandering, downbeat steppingstone to the Potter series' grand finale.
0.75 We get to see the characters raw and frayed - almost junkie-like - without the saccharine pill coating that usually helps us swallow the bad stuff happening in Harry Potter Land.
0.875 A very satisfying blend of mood and spectacle, action and character, wonder and fear.
0.8 Childhood things ...[are] set aside as our three heroes, now young adults, set off on their own like resistance fighters in a World War II movie.
0.75 The first part of "Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows" is everything fans should expect: It is brooding, a bit scary, action-packed, sentimental, dangerous and grand.
0.875 Who needs Hogwarts?
0.625 The most disappointing of the series, but better than most movies out there.
0.75 Not surprisingly, "Part 1" feels like only half a film, but as this beloved series prepares to draw to a close, it is a mighty good start.
0.8 To the muggles among the critics who carp about this or that, this isn't for you. It's for those of us invested in this saga, and for whom July 2011 cannot come soon enough.
0.875 Readers expecting everything plus the kitchen sink - or, in this case, seven magical Horcruxes - should not be disappointed.
0.625 The build-up to part two is a fine tease to the end of a franchise that has quickly started to feel like a chore.
0.8 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows lacks warmth, whimsy, playfulness and hope. And that is precisely what makes it great.
0.6 This really is a more grown-up affair, and very scary, whether with the Dark Lord's manipulation of his minions in Malfoy Manor, or in Bathilda Bagshot's reptilian stare.
0.875 It's a film of great courage and artistry, a movie ostensibly for children that's also worthy of them.
0.8 There are a number of touches that aren't just magical but also deeply moving.
0.625 This one is a long, archetypal journey that screeches to a halt a few stops short of its destination.
0.8 This is a Harry Potter film that functions as a dark, emotional character study more than a fun adventure, which will be disconcerting for some. But if you love these characters, as many of us do, you'll find a lot to admire.
0.4 Despite its enormous popularity and commercial success, the Harry Potter saga seems destined to be remembered as never quite adding up to the sum of its parts.
0.6 If the film's main job was to whet the appetite for the next one, it does that well.
0.5 Beautifully shot but a soulless cash machine, "Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 1" delivers no dramatic payoff, no resolution and not much fun.
0.75 Radcliffe, Watson and Grint, having literally grown up in their characters, are ready for their close-up. They earned it, they deserve it and they nailed it.
0.75 For the first time, their coming-of-age journey outshines the special effects.
0.875 Menacing and meditative, Hallows is arguably the best installment of the planned eight-film franchise, though audiences who haven't kept up with previous chapters will be hopelessly lost.
1.0 Reclamar da "lentidao" da narrativa seria apenas um atestado da mais absoluta incapacidade de compreender as necessidades do projeto, exigindo acao inconsequente de uma obra mais preocupada em retratar o desgaste de seus protagonistas.
0.6 The three young wizards on a quest that will test their loyalties, courage, and magical abilities to the max.
0.7 I'm certainly ready to see the final entry in the series just to see how it all ends - not that years of spoilers haven't already ruined that for me - but HP7.1 hardly packs in a finale to send you home salivating for 7.2.
0.7 Deathly Hallows I actually manages to be involving and kind of artful about the boredom and loneliness of heroism.
0.625 The truth is that this film is mostly plain work, done by rote, like any introductory potions class. The real fun -- and thrills and tears -- come next year.
0.625 There's nothing inherently wrong with his initial adaptation of J.K. Rowling's seventh and final novel except for the fact that it ends with the best parts of the story yet to be told.
0.625 At 146 minutes, "Part 1" is like a director's cut or a DVD filled with bonus materials that expands to fill the available space through dilution.
0.4 ... dreary, murky and cheap ...
0.7 Warner Bros. had no choice but to split the final installment in the Harry Potter series into two parts, but doing so leaves an unsatisfying feeling when the credits roll.
0.625 Like a virgin's padded bra, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows, Part I is all tease, zero payoff.
0.8 Easily the best Potter film since 'Azkaban.' The cinematography is beautiful, the magic is fun and the characters are deep. Did Peter Jackson direct the middle section?
0.625 The upside of this, one supposes, is that when Part 2 comes out next year it will be nonstop excitement. We've already endured the iffy parts.
0.875 The best of the franchise to date, a satisfying, appetite-whetting setup for the series finale.
0.8 'Deathly Hallows' is a true epic, one can only wonder how massive the second half will be.
0.875 This is a three-jumps-out-of-your-seat thriller -- a road movie minus Bob and Bing, a gray-hued travelogue through the shoddy side England, Scotland and Wales -- bog, moor and power plants.
0.9 Even though it ends in the middle, Deathly Hallows: Part 1 finds notes of anxious suspense and grave emotion to send its characters, and its fans, into the last round.
0.7 If in past Potters -- especially the early ones -- Radcliffe, Watson and Grint were wisely surrounded by one acting legend after another, here they're called on to shoulder the story on their own.
0.5 Alas, as directed by the returning David Yates, these big chase sequences are the usual compendium of ear-splitting noise and eye-glazing edits -- again, no magic required and none delivered.
0.625 It's grim, funny in one sequence about shapeshifters, vivid in moments of violent action, nearly devoid of plot twists and marked by long patches where Harry, Ron and Hermione camp in the woods.
0.9 David Yates' fluid, fast-paced direction sends up the crackling tension of a thriller.
0.75 It's the closest the HP movies will get to a reserved character drama. My favorite parts are the tiny, dialogue-less character moments packed with emotional undercurrents.
0.9 Potter devotees will find much to admire in the movie directed by David Yates, although its sensibility is much closer to that of a horror movie than a traditional fantasy/adventure.
0.6 Rowling's flaws as a storyteller are much more evident in this film than in previous installments.
0.8 For those who have felt their emotional investment flourish over the course of six films, indulging extra attention to details is a pleasure.
0.8 Gone are the sweet hijinks at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, as well as any "hey, look at me!" magical inventions; Deathly Hallows is all business -- taut, fraught, and fearsome.
0.7 The filmmakers...adapt Rowling's tale with as much fidelity as their budget, effects crew, production designers, actors, and common sense will allow.
0.8 Drags a bit in the second act, but it's a solid buildup to the final chapter in this legendary franchise.
0.8 Ominous and downbeat but a compelling, visual treat, this certainly whets our appetite for next year's big finale.
0.75 The seventh "Harry Potter" movie asks the most of its audience thus far, and returns the least. If you're not a fan and know nothing of the characters, the film will be a difficult slog. Those bought into the franchise will be appropriately enthralled.
0.6 The film plays more like an extended prologue than a story in its own right. But some stunning set pieces and a beautiful animated segment redeem things considerably.
0.795 Basically, you'll love it if you love Potter and you'll hate if you hate Potter, but if you're just looking for some fun in the theaters you can do far, far, far, far, far worse than Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows.
0.75 The movie builds erratically to the moment when the end credits start rolling. After sacrificing nearly 2 1/2 hours to this movie, there's a sense that more is deserved.
0.875 For those caught up in the "Potter" world -- and surely anyone who isn't dropped out of this franchise long ago -- "Deathly Hallows" is immensely satisfying.
0.75 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows Part 1 features some of the strongest, most beautifully realized moments in all of the series. In other respects, it is one of the most fundamentally problematic entries.
0.875 Kloves brings Rowling's world to life, engrossing you in the story and making your truly care about these characters.
0.6 As setup for the long-awaited climax, Part 1 does its job, and manages to take time for some meaningful emotional moments along the way.
0.8 The final book ... has been cleft in twain ... a move that is both cruel and absolutely necessary. Some will argue that the resulting product is merely half a film, and they'd be right. It's also one-eighth of the full story, so why start complaining now?
0.8 Half of the final story, yes, but a beautifully paced film that lingers in the dark magical world as Harry, Ron & Hermoine find themselves in a self imposed exile in search of the fragments of Voldemort's soul.
0.625 I'd be lying if I said I'm not eager to see how everything turns out.
0.4 If you haven't read the book, do so. This is the first 150 minutes of the final novel adaptation (part two next spring) and to me it was virtual gobbledegook.
0.8 Deathly Hallows: Part 1 begins in eerie, chilling darkness and things don't let up from there, as director Yates crafts a truly terrifying spell over the Potter-verse.
0.75 Like Alfonso Cuaron, who made Azkaban, Yates and his crew are as visually descriptive as Rowling was with language.
0.7 It's not a bad movie, but it is very much a transitional one, with Warner Bros. splitting J.K. Rowling's last installment in the "Potter" series into two films.
0.75 Much of the heavy lifting falls to Watson, and, in such moments as the one where she must wipe out her family's memories of her to protect them, she is more than up to the task.
0.5 To be fair to Deathly Hallows, the filmmakers have tried hard to fill the proceedings with battles and chases and debilitating curses. Genuine filmmaking excitement, however, is harder to provide.
0.75 The high quality of the series remains. Returning director David Yates and screenwriter Steve Kloves remain attentive as ever to Rowlings' holy text, and the mood is as magic as always.
0.75 When Warner Brothers announced that it planned to split the seventh, and final, installment of J.K. Rowling's wizarding septology into two separate films, I figured it was all about the money. Turns out it was all about the story.
0.5 More like Harry Potter and the Torturous Moping.
0.8 David Yates better captures both the playful and solemn tones of J.K. Rowling's writing, making Harry's wildest and most dangerous journey also one of great adventure and growth.
0.5 This series is really getting tired. The films of J.K. Rowling's mega-popular books were always handled with grim seriousness by the various directors assigned to them, but at least in the early films there was a sense of magic and originality.
0.3 The pervasive dark tone, the heavy-handed dialogue and the sloth-like pace of Deathly Hallows reflects the self-importance that has now overwhelmed the obligation to entertain.
0.75 It's easy to get lost in the rich, two-and-a-half hour installment, but it wraps up too abruptly.
0.8 While intriguing and action-packed, it's far more perilous, intense and realistic than previous installments.
0.875 A grim landscape for our heroes...So grim, in fact, that you may feel as if Harry, Ron and Hermione are the last survivors of an apocalyptic aftermath and Part II may be all the better for it.
0.7 Fans will enjoy the dark, brooding, gorgeous penultimate film of one of the most solid genre series ever. Casual observers will likely be confused as hell or bored silly.
0.8 The first part of Deathly Hallows has plenty of invigorating imagery alongside the pro forma narrative elements.
0.75 I could watch this stuff all night, and practically did since the movie is so needlessly long.
0.75 The film depends more on mood and character than many of the others, and key actions seem to be alarmingly taking place off-screen.
0.75 I knew magic could be dark - there is plenty of that in Part 1 - but who knew it could also be so sad?
0.8 Equal parts action thriller, political parable, and multidimensional love story, Hallows feels sad and strong and true.
0.75 The story-within-the-story regarding the deathly hallows is visualized by way of shadow-puppet style animation, and the effect is quite beautiful.
0.5 Potter's a plodder. This magician's either out of tricks or frustratingly saving them for next time.
0.9 There is suspense and action in this film, but there is also lots of room for emotion, and for the audience, a satisfying build up to next summer's grand finale.
0.8 This isn't a great movie viewed in isolation but it is near on the perfect adaptation of the prelude to this beloved story's conclusion.
0.9 I'm anxiously awaiting the next Harry Potter, and this is probably the only film series I can think of where each film is better than the last.
0.75 When a movie begins with the Warner Bros. logo crumbling in decay and ends with a defiled grave, you know you've experienced an evening of magic.
0.6 Often just seems to be going round in very decreasing circles, chasing its own fairytale.
0.6 If nothing else, this penultimate film does leave you anticipating how it will all turn out in the final film, which is a lot more than can be said about other comparative film franchises.
0.6 Good enough, even for those of us who have no idea what's going on once the plot resorts to Potterbabble.
0.6 The darker atmosphere and real-world locales makes this the most mature and humanistic entry to date, but it's hard not to miss the warmth and whimsy that has been left behind.
0.9 Deathly Hallows Part 1 is warm without being cloying; frightening without outstaying it's welcome, and it manages to prey on deep-seeded fears with remarkable proficiency.
0.7 Yates has developed a distinctive visual style and there are some striking locations in this film, landscapes that have an almost dreamlike power. And the action has an abrupt kinetic impact.
0.8 On the evidence of this, his penultimate film, the teenage wizard is getting the send-off he deserves.
0.7 An unfamiliar new setting does little to diminish the humour, heart and excitement of the Harry Potter franchise on form.
0.6 A film with no beginning and no end but a whole lot of expository middle, this is the least satisfying instalment in the series since Chris Columbus folded up his director's chair.
0.8 Deathly Hallows: Part 1 definitely whets appetites for the final outing as it builds to a stunning climax tinged with sadness and anticipation about the inevitable battle between Harry and Voldemort which will conclude next year...
0.8 Darker and scarier than its predecessors, this is a fitting and enjoyable run-up to the action packed finale, though it might be a bit baffling if for some reason you haven't read the books or seen the previous films.
0.6 Exposition heavy, Potter 7: Part One is an entertaining but flawed prelude to the real finale.
0.65 Deathly Hallows - Part 1 isn't necessarily bad but it's more than a little disappointing.
1.0 This is a superb beginning to the end of a great British success story. You rejoice that they decided to forgo 3D. The Potter films don't need gimmicks to get our attention.
0.6 The most memorable sequences in the film are not, for once, the action scenes but the acting ones.
0.6 It's gripping alright, but ends all too abruptly.
0.6 While it's by no means a bad Harry Potter movie, the overriding feeling is that it's an incomplete one. Here's hoping that Yates and his team put that right next summer.
0.6 The first and third acts are over-busy; the middle one moves like an arthritic house-elf. Still, a decent smattering of magic moments and tension's pumped up sky-high. Bring on Part 2.
0.8 Your appetite will be whetted for what promises to be an almighty showdown before the curtain comes down on Harry Potter for good.
0.8 We have watched these three growing up and their performances have never been better -- particularly Grint, who gets the opportunity to do more than just play for laughs.
0.4 It's hard to mourn the demise of a franchise that was never more than half-alive to begin with.
1.0 A towering achievement. Or rather, half of a towering achievement.
0.6 The final story may well be colourful and complex, but, on this evidence, there's absolutely no artistic justification for a two-movie split.
0.2 This one comes close to Spielberg's Jaws...alphabetically, that is.
0.6 More breathy outbursts from wronged lovers and strange pseudo-sexual and homoerotic encounters than a late-night soap opera, matched with a visual style that points to a level of artistry and invention that even western cinema struggles to match.
0.6 Blindingly gorgeous to look at and exceptionally well acted, at least by the women.
0.125 A vaporous, watered-down frappe of a fantasy epic.
0.8 Strong debut from Australian writer-director Michael Henry. Tightly wound and nicely progressed, this impressive potboiler deserves a wider audience than its limited release pattern will afford it.
0.6 It's essentially well acted, beautifully shot, and the script has enough propulsion to sustain its very modest eighty-eight minutes.
0.4 Michael Henry's Blame clearly takes inspiration from the greats, and the writer/director certainly recognises the ingredients required for a taut psychological thriller, but he doesn't quite follow through in the execution.
0.5 The menace is missing. What we get instead is much bumbling about in the bush.
0.7 This is a local production that punches above its weight.
0.6 There's nothing going on here that you haven't seen done before elsewhere and better, but there's still enough here that's fresh.
0.375 ...Blame primarily comes off as a stagnant, irritatingly talky drama that ultimately feels like an abject exercise in needlessness.
0.4 Composed of seven or eight other films you've already seen before. And not composed especially well.
0.375 Lloyd Dobler and his pals at the Gas 'n Sip would have had a field day mocking a movie like The Factory.
0.6 Features one of the more intriguing horror villains of the past year
0.0 Do the filmmakers think we're morons? We're certainly treated as such, right from the beginning.
0.6 Compelling viewing because of the tight-lipped, bull-headed performance by John Travolta in a starring role.
0.6 Effective enough as a thriller and an indictment of sexism in its most brutal form.
0.375 No doubt about it, to divulge the plot would spoil the experience -- you'll be shocked to discover, and maybe even surprised to learn, just how lame the damn thing really is.
0.6 Travolta is trying a little too hard here, and it shows.
0.3 This may be the most gratuitous film I've seen this year.
0.5 You know that thin line between disturbing and morbid? The General's Daughter tramples it into dust.
0.5 Despite moments of mounting suspense, the film suffers from stilted unevenness.
0.6 ...the plot is too shifty, the conspiracy too exaggerated, and the ending too pat for sustained credibility.
0.8 Travolta wins hands down with his accent in a pleasingly intense performance that helps propel the story along.
0.4 A middling, so-so thriller.
0.3 A cliche-ridden formula film!
0.25 The film, which, sadly, is no parody, has more plot holes than pot holes on an old country road!
0.6 Everyone in this picture takes himself or herself far too seriously as if to prove that if you don't crack a smile or burst into laughter at the silliness of the plot, you must be a darn good actor.
0.5 The whole thing is pretty routine and, at times, downright silly.
0.7 Director Simon West seems to confuse visual stylishness with emotional resonance, moody lighting with genuinely malevolent atmosphere, and sanctimonious lip service with genuine concern.
0.375 Few use the backdrop of gender inequality more awkwardly.
0.75 A consistently involving effort!
0.625 Convoluted as some of the developments may be, the movie never loses its interest or atmosphere within the swampy, backwater Georgia town, and as summer popcorn-fare, it is unusually intelligent.
0.75 A Big Men Shouting movie that works.
0.75 West respectably stretches beyond slam-bang action theatrics.
0.6 It may not be a great drama or a great whodunit, but it's certainly entertaining.
0.25 faulted scenes leave this decent and respectable story line nearly as overpowered and helpless as its own rape victim.
0.5 There's a line at which a movie stops being about something nasty and becomes one more example of the nastiness it's supposedly condemning.
0.5 If there's anything worse than a film that's just plain awful, it's one that should be good but doesn't turn out that way.
0.5 The General's Daughter is an overheated thriller populated by actors who far outclass the material.
0.4 A muddled mystery.
0.62 It's built on excesses and implausibilities and no matter how busy it gets, these weaknesses remain painfully obvious.
0.625 The General's Daughter is a well-made thriller with a lot of good acting.
0.3 Just shy of torture.
0.6 Bell's charm and finesse with a right hook help elevate Angel of Death from being a mundane straight-to-DVD offering.
0.625 ...a surprisingly cinematic actioner that ultimately feels like a low-budget cousin to 2005's Sin City.
0.8 An overlooked masterpiece.
0.6 Melville at his best
1.0 At once a charming entertainment, a resonant character study, an ironic morality tale, and a bittersweet celebration of Montmartre.
0.75 a generally absorbing and sometimes funny look at the capricious nature of Luck
0.8 Super cool.
0.8 Its realism is not the reality of life, but of the kind of movies that give shape to the disordered lives of the people who watch movies.
1.0 Um verdadeiro classico do genero noir, o filme conta com um protagonista fascinante e um roteiro repleto de momentos brilhantes.
1.0 Bob le Flambeur (1955) has a good claim to be the first film of the French New Wave.
0.8 Melville's actually more interested in his central character's gentlemanly heroics and fractured obsession with risking everything at the roulette table.
0.82 In a world sliding toward self-interested decadence, Bob le Flambeur maintains his dignity and humanity in the face of long odds.
0.875 A brisk heist movie that embraces cinema's past and points toward its future.
0.75 less interested in the mechanics of the heist than ... the existential ramifications for the characters and how the sly intervention of fate
0.8 Textbook noir.
0.875 Watching Bob Le Flambeur in its newly restored 35mm print is a little of the old religion.
1.0 Duchesne's smooth, handsome performance puts him in a league with cool guys like Bogart, Eastwood and Mitchum.
0.75 Picture postcard film noir.
0.2 Jamil Dehlavi's film is well-intentioned but simple-minded, and the clunking script does more to muddy the issues than to elucidate them.
0.4 film is technically impressive, doing much with little, but there was a curious aspect to it that left an odd taste.
0.8 Shot on location in London, New York and Karachi, Infinite Justice uses an impressively broad canvas to paint a picture of dangerous fundamentalism and Western opportunism and corruption.
0.6 Shooting on digital video, Dehlavi moves confidently between the different time-frames and countries. There is, however, a schematic dimension to the screenplay, with individual characters representing a particular political perspective.
0.8 The heart of the film is the verbal sparring (and extended chess match) between Silverman and his captor Kamal Khan (Raza Jaffrey, neatly encapsulating the ongoing debate about terrorism and its causes.
0.333333333333 Clumsily shoehorns every hot topic under the sun into a digitally shot drama of high aims, middling production values and low intelligence.
0.4 This attempt to understand the radicalisation of Muslims means well. But it feels more like a TV-movie with its dumbed down discussion of conflitcing idealogies and the melodramatic humanity of the relationship between the prisoner and his gaoler.
0.75 ...a surprisingly effective little thriller...
0.5 Visnjic proves he can conceivably carry a movie if given a chance. But he still needs to find one worth his time.
0.5 I'm not sure what attracted such a strong cast to take part in such nonsense, although I wouldn't be surprised if a gently swaying pocket watch was involved.
0.5 This hypno-thriller is a better story than most horror films... but it builds to this big showdown, which turns out to be a letdown.
0.5 ...a hazy and hypnotic surge that more often than not resonates as an atmospheric chiller...this head-tampering frightfest is notably staggering
0.625 Ultimately commits the cardinal sin of never being very frightening.
0.5 The story takes a seriously wrong turn that requires Strother to rush in where anyone -- no matter how skittish or sleep-deprived -- with a lick of common sense would fear to tread.
0.5 An occasionally engaging but more often gruesome British thriller.
0.625 If you can overlook its TV-episode look, occasional lapses in logic and detours into lurid overkill, this old-school psychological thriller, which marries a tracking-the- serial-killer narrative with occult themes, is a creepy diversion.
0.25 May be the worst-directed movie exported by England in this young century.
0.4 The film weaves together a few genre threads only to work them into an impenetrable knot.
0.4 Hypnosis in the movies has always been synonymous with hocus pocus, and the tradition continues in this flashy, mildly tingly British thriller.
0.75 Strong acting and smartly tuned-in directing turn a run-of-the-mill detective story into a striking, sometimes harrowing blend of horror and suspense.
0.75 It's nowhere near innovative, but it scares you as you rarely get scared in movies these days.
0.625 For Visnjic, who is sometimes associated with George Clooney because of the ER hand-off, this is his Out of Sight.
0.5 Charismatic leads and the nature of the life-or-death dilemma keep the tension on, but interest is undermined by unlikely happenings, lapses in logic and glossed-over psychological repercussions that leave one more glazed than mesmerized.
0.4 a ghost story that wants to be more than just a ghost story, but in the process of trying to be a movie that transcends a genre, it insults the genre
0.7 The Awakening glides ghost-like through its story, laying its own elaborate traps along the way.
0.75 The Awakening is a handsome, well-acted thriller with a script that's never cringe-inducing. So why did it sneak its way onto home video with no fanfare?
0.75 [Rebecca Hall] captures Florence's flinty intelligence and the vulnerability that emerges as she slowly discovers the school's dark secrets.
0.75 Though the story spirals a little out of control in the film's final scenes, "The Awakening" offers the low-key pleasures of an old-fashioned thriller and a lovely central performance.
0.5 Whatever.
0.625 Pretty good, but more pretty than good.
0.7 A concise little old-school British ghost story, and I say there's always room for a few more of those.
0.5 The cast is anchored by two wonderful actresses: Imelda Staunton and Rebecca Hall, whose talents are squandered on this lackluster horror drama.
0.4 Exquisite production design and admirable performances can't overcome the lackluster scares.
0.8 Though slightly undone by a twist that demands a grain or two too much credulity on the part of the viewer, it nonetheless triumphs as a tone poem of an unsettled zeitgeist that plays cat-and-mouse with that same viewer right until the very end.
0.7621 A strong, moving performance by Rebecca Hall coupled with an eerie atmosphere thanks to the top-notch cinematography provides enough palpable tension and scares to compensate for its weak, convoluted ending.
0.5 When these sudden surprises work, as in "A Beautiful Mind" or "The Others," you're too stunned to swallow that next handful of popcorn; when they don't, you're tempted to throw your whole box at the screen.
0.5 A dull British import that never lives up to the pretensions of its period setting.
0.75 An enjoyably old-fashioned ghost story in the vein of "The Others" and "The Orphanage."
0.375 "The Awakening" is nonsense, but with its posh British cast and colors drained to near-gray, it's very solemn nonsense.
0.625 Delivers a series of well-chosen jolts and unsettling ideas. Otherwise, gee, it really is quite a lot like countless other pictures that have come before it.
0.5 A lot of tension and buildup leads us to ... well, it's hard to say.
0.4 "The Awakening" takes so many unnecessary twists and turns that the final one, which should be a biggie, ends up feeling inconsequential.
0.4 For all of its airs of refinement, "The Awakening" is pretty stale stuff.
0.7 This is a truly haunting story, beautiful to look at and involving all the atmosphere you can eat.
0.4 This stately chiller owes a lot to 1960s British flicks like "The Innocents" and "The Haunting," but unfortunately heads towards cliches with every step.
0.6 There is nothing in the film that will keep you awake at night. Instead, "The Awakening" works much more subtly, with a profound sense of dread and resignation, a death-obsessed movie given life by Hall's performance.
0.5 It's routine stuff as horror setups go, especially if you've seen such obvious influences as The Orphanage and The Others.
0.25 The film takes pains to ensure that the story feel like laborious toil rather than a trip through the dark side of the ethereal.
0.6 This handsomely made spook story (love those echo-prone hallways!) becomes less involving the more the narrative's mysteries are solved.
0.7 A haunting film and Rebecca Hall's performance is something that sets it apart from other recent ghost story movies, but the ending may leave you more confused than thrilled.
0.6 This is no classic of a notoriously difficult genre, but if you can forgive the silly conclusion, it's still satisfyingly scary.
0.4 When the convoluted explanation comes, it's too silly to justify the film's self-serious tone.
0.4 Gets dafter and dafter as it progresses.
0.8 A truly fine effort, a worthy reminder of the quality of traditional British pictures and just how good the ghost genre can be when it relies on space, time and simple creaks for effect.
0.4 The film is full of familiar scenes of ghostly goings-on, which lead to an unshocking shock ending.
0.7 The Awakening is a classy old-fashioned ghost tale in the tradition of The Turn Of The Screw
0.6 Winter and Christmas are traditionally times for ghost stories, and The Awakening is a classy one.
0.6 I have to say I found the final, colossal revelation to be contrived, but there are some nicely creepy moments...
0.6 Well cast and acted, with Imelda Staunton as the school matron, the picture is watchable and handsomely made but it's rather weakly plotted and never truly chills.
0.8 Rarely does a horror film make the back of your neck tingle with the calibre of its performances as well as its jumps and jolts - but The Awakening, a beautifully mounted ghost story in the style of The Turn of the Screw, provides chills of both kinds.
0.6 Murphy has produced a mind-bending and foreboding suspense thriller full of intriguing dead ends and plausible accounts.
0.8 Yes, it gets a little melodramatic and nonsensical towards the end, but it's still compelling. I left feeling a little shaken and unnerved.
0.6 There's enough happening in The Awakening to keep you awake.
0.4 A ridiculous revelation and a redundant sexual assault undercut all good sense, as fierce rationality gives way to absurd contrivance and hysteria.
0.6 Creepy, jumpy, if somewhat samey, it's set above the spooker norm by its strong visuals, grief-steeped period setting and lingering ambiguity.
0.4 There's little here to add to the well-worn haunted house genre.
0.7 The Awakening is a tense, classic ghost story given extra backbone by top-notch acting. Shame about the ending.
0.6 An enjoyably creepy ghost story heightened by a terrific central performance from Rebecca Hall, though it's slightly let down by an exposition-heavy script and a disappointing finale.
0.6 While it is not a stand out in its genre, it overcomes the odd dose of over-familiarity with confident filmmaking and some technical flair.
0.375 ...an egregiously familiar ghost story that simply isn't able to wholeheartedly justify its existence...
0.875 Is Body Double Brian De Palma's most underrated film or merely a guilty pleasure on my part? Naturally, I make the case for the former.
0.6 Classic De Palma. Stylish and Sexy.
0.8 It's a mystery, a romance, a horror flick, and a straight-faced parody all rolled into one unique little movie.
0.75 ...De Palma's expectedly grandiose directorial choices go a long way towards keeping things interesting...
0.75 Emblematizes De Palma's refusal to take Hollywood seriously.
1.0 Body Double, while not his finest, is the best candidate as Brian De Palma's signature film.
0.7 enough to portend the downfall of civilization... a guilty pleasure
0.4 Kinda stupid, really.
0.6 No one can rip off Hitchcock quite like De Palma
0.6 A minor De Palma with a few great moments and a soggy leading man.
0.8 Uneven, but underrated De Palma effort.
0.5 Ultimately, Body Double feels like a film that seems more interested in pleasing itself than pleasing the audience.
0.6 Sneaky, bloody but clever reworking of Vertigo
0.9 Outstanding cinematography and score and excellent acting make for a remarkable movie. The American is a must-see.
0.75 That the film through these slow, poetic paces remains engrossing, engaging, and ultimately oddly affecting is a testament to Clooney's terrific performance.
0.7 George Clooney delivers a strong but subdued performance in this slow-paced character study.
0.5 The filmmakers seem to have forgotten that it takes more than a brooding assassin to engage the audience for the full runtime of the film. Moreover, if that character isn't involved in an interesting narrative, they'll have even less reason to care.
0.875 It may not be the fast-paced assassin thriller you might expect, but it benefits more from that than anything else.
0.875 suggests that we've lost everything but our desire to be better--and in the end, it lets us decide whether that's good enough.
0.8 If you want to see a carefully paced, well-designed and beautifully shot suspense-thriller that hits all of its marks, then you could do far worse than The American.
0.6 The camera loves Clooney, of course, but it also loves watching him building a custom rifle in his shop...
0.7 While it feels like nothing much is happening, there's a lot going on under the surface, and a real sense of growing suspense.
0.6 There's a lot to value, even if it drinks a little too deeply from the well of stock Euro-assassin-movie characters and situations.
0.4 Sparse, tense, beautiful... and strangely empty. The dialogue, plot and characterisation are nowhere near as deep or profound as the filmmakers seem to think they are.
0.6 A muted thriller, weighed a little too obviously with existential angst. Still, sexy and tense, with a brave, bare performance from Clooney.
0.6 Partway between icy existentialism and retro romantic thriller, The American wants to have its cake and eat it.
0.6 It purrs evenly, like the engine of a luxury automobile, with a cool, sleek satisfaction at how stylish it is. That said, it is pretty stylish...
0.6 At its best, the film's silence and unrevealing mood of observation remind you of 'The Passenger' or Paulo Sorrentino's 'Consequences of Love'...
0.8 The greatest singular joy of The American is the fact that it's less complicated than Clooney's 2007 thriller Michael Clayton and we're never sure if George is going to explode into life.
0.4 The story is startlingly cliched yet told in a pretentious and ponderous art-house style that suggests the filmmakers thought they were making something meaningful.
0.4 You've heard of action movies. The American is an inaction movie...
0.4 The American ditches both action and thrills for moody introspection and glacial pacing, rounded off with pretentious existential posturing.
0.4 One of the most annoying things about the film is its smugness.
0.2 Corbijn does inert tableaux icy with enigma. Aerial shots of ribbony roads; overlapping facial close-ups Bergmanesque with portent.
1.0 Haunting and insistent, The American is one of the best films of the year.
0.6 The American is always coolly watchable, but the suspicion remains that there's rather less here than meets the eye.
0.8 A hit.
0.6 Anton Corbijn's follow-up to Control is beautifully shot and features a terrific performance by George Clooney but the predictable script doesn't add anything new to an overly familiar story.
0.8 A pretty standard thriller framework, but one that Corbijn and Clooney infuse with mood and atmosphere, eliciting satisfying results.
0.8 Effectively an old samurai movie crossed with a Visit Italy brochure.
0.8 Emprega uma premissa de thriller para realizar um instigante estudo de personagem.
0.7 full review at Movies for the Masses
0.7 The American is a character piece, and in this it succeeds terrifically.
0.8 Those destined to fall under the selective spell of The American will walk away thinking they have seen one of the better releases of 2010. I am inclined to side with that view.
1.0 In this astonishingly beautiful piece of cinema art, George Clooney plays a steely and introspective assassin hiding out in Italy, awaiting orders and contemplating his past deeds.
0.6 The American is a character study, and an old fashioned one - it is committed to a kind of existential exploration that seems decidedly out of whack in a digital age that suggests we can be who ever we want to be and damn the consequences.
0.2 When you slow the pace of a thriller down to a slow crawl you'd better make sure all the air bubbles of implausibility have been squeezed out of your story, otherwise the audience is going to have too much time to pick at all the holes in the plot.
0.9 The American is intelligent and well-crafted cinema that transcends its generic limitations through [director Anton] Corbijn's command of film style.
0.6 The 'lonely assassin who falls in love' is too familiar a story to be interesting in its own right, and somewhere along the line Corbijn, Clooney, and writer Rowan Joffe forgot to imbue Jack with enough of intensity and conflict to keep the story flowing.
0.7 George Clooney effectively portrays a man living in purgatory in the quiet thriller The American.
0.6 In its best moments the film plays like a lucid nightmare, with Clooney trapped in a picturesque purgatory.
0.6 Corbijn's bold stab at reviving the minimalism and mystery of '70s cinema has its strengths but ultimately overreaches itself.
0.8 Excuisitely shot, with every frame impeccably composed, The American is essentially a European art-house film.
0.727272727273 In the end, it's suspense that wins out. The film has a Hitchcockian flavor, which will delight those fans. Very cool, indeed.
0.625 Corbijn extracts from Rowan Joffe?s screenplay a pensive mood of impending dread, but it can be a bit aggravating waiting for the hammer to fall.
0.86 ...a bit of a step back from Corbijn's last movie, the well-reviewed and little-seen Control
0.75 If Terrence Malick were to put his gloss on Jason Bourne, the result might be something like The American, a visually compelling thriller from director Anton Corbijn.
0.875 George Clooney stars in "The American," a foreign art-house film.
0.5 We spend an entire film never finding out who [Clooney] really is or why people are trying to kill him. In the end we have seen something happen, but we are not sure exactly what.
1.0 An American movie star, an Italian leading lady, a Dutch director and a British screenwriter pool their talents for for the best-crafted American film of the year.
0.875 Portrait of a Killer at the Crossroads.
0.75 What makes it work as a thriller is not what it shows, but what it leaves out.
0.75 If "The American" isn't a masterpiece, it's still a cool, minimalist thriller that features gorgeous camera work by Corbijn and a strong, understated performance by Clooney.
0.625 The title of George Clooney's latest would suggest that here's a film reminiscent of Mom and apple pie. In truth, the picture has more in common with Padre and panna cotta.
0.8 It feels like a character study of an enigma that cannot be truly understood or solved. And that's an admirable quality -- one that makes The American compelling.
0.6 Corbijn allows the film to crawl, preferring the stillness over a more rushed Bourne-esque action travelogue.
0.875 slow, methodical, and riveting
0.7 An Effective Thriller or a Chance for Clooney to Hang in Lake Como? Go with the Former.
0.3 George hits a new low in this dull, depressing movie
0.8 Of the most visually thrilling escapist yarns ever made. Italian golden age cinema takes on a gun fetish.
0.7 Silence is golden. Actually, in this case silence is silver, just like Clooney's salt and pepper hair.
0.66 For those willing to accept a slower pace, even if the resulting film is not exactly contemplative, The American could be a pleasurable experience.
0.6 I can't say that I was bored in The American, nor that the film is a waste of time. It was interesting enough, and it kept my attention.
0.5 While cinema-lovers can cheer a director willing to buck the fashion for sensory overload, The American can't rightly be called a success.
0.7 The good news, though, is that eventually The American does get to where it wants to be, and becomes a rather improbably but genuinely moving story.
0.75 I enjoyed, and am recommending The American as a victory of style over substance.
0.625 If you're expecting a star-propelled thriller with the usual bob, weave and one-two punch, this isn't your ticket.
0.6 It's a spare, somber, visually captivating study in stillness but not emotionally involving.
0.75 This slow-moving drama, starring George Clooney, continuously builds tension like a smoking volcano waiting to erupt, but when the expected does occur, it is not only anticipated, but a letdown.
0.75 The precision of the shots, which suggests a methodical approach to filmmaking, mirrors the painstaking professionalism that defines the lead character.
0.5 If it's half-baked Italian modernism you're after, you've come to the right place.
0.6 I found myself more interested in the beautiful cinematography than the story line. The American is extremely slow for the first two acts but does deliver in the finale.
0.5 A slumberous, glacially paced bore -- with George Clooney on the poster
0.6 ...a movie with more questions than answers, and which requires viewers to think and observe, not just sit back and enjoy the hot guns and hotter women.
0.575 Unconventionally slow-paced, low on palpable thrills and often dull despite its brilliant, exquisite cinematography. It ultimately suffers from excessive style over substance.
0.625 Meet Jack, James Bond's boring big screen cousin. Jack wears Eddie Bauer fleeces, has a pay phone instead of high-tech gadgets, and actually has to pay for sex. He makes assassin work look more boring than an H&R Block gig on April 16.
0.625 It's like ordering a hamburger and getting escargot. Which is OK if you like snail, but it's an acquired taste.
0.9 This is Serious Clooney, starring in a deliberative film that could have sprung from mid-'60s France or Italy.
0.6 It does succeed in sustaining a mix of moods (action and idyllic) that is a little different.
0.5 The dread in the film is so quickly forgotten. What remains is an urge to fly to Italy, rent an apartment in a medieval city and invent your own adventure.
0.75 Anyone who understands what The American offers should come away pleased with the final product.
0.8 It's a souffle helplessly set out in the middle of a KenTacoHut stampede, and I suspect it will pay dearly for that at the box office.
0.7 ...slow and marred by a trailer that shows the climax, gazing at Violante Placido's amply displayed body is not a horrible way to spend a couple of hours.
0.75 Clooney ... shucks off his movie-star charm and lets us see something quite different: an unsmiling man with a set jaw, an unblinking stillness and an air of quiet mystery.
0.8 personal, complexly drawn, and written with more eye than ear
0.6 Taut, mature drama examines the life of a lone assassin.
0.75 [It] has a cold, compelling focus. And -- like its hero -- when it does finally pull the trigger, it soundly hits the bull's eye.
0.625 Still, The American is remote to a fault. Like Jack (George Clooney), it seems in danger of turning to stone.
0.875 The American is a spare, tightly-wound thriller that is less the story of a man who kills for a living, than what that life has extracted from his soul.
0.2 You know a movie is slow when the only excitement and the most action is found in an out-of-place and overly long sex scene.
0.5 No shaky cam! No logic-defying stunts! But The American also lacks a pulse.
0.375 This sophisticated low-key drama has all the trappings of a foreign art house film. The languid pacing of this time waster should prove to be an instant cure for insomnia. The visual eye candy doesn't compensate for a disjointed story where...
0.6 Those small pieces may seem slight, but they add up to a satisfying whole.
0.85 Anton Corbijn made a Western, and he damn sure wants you to know it.
0.75 Clooney further solidifies himself as the modern cinematic model of the disillusioned American male
0.6 Takes itself very seriously, even though the story is filled with the same Bond-acious vixens and prostitutes with hearts of gold as any cliched spy film.
0.7 The American is ostensibly a thriller, but in a quiet mold far removed from the jittery live-wires of Bourne or Bond.
0.4 Even Clooney can't give this bore a heartbeat.
0.4 George Clooney's charisma and powerful screen presence have never been more integral to a film, nor used in a more futile effort
0.8 A bold film that covers fresh ground and impresses with George Clooney's bravura performance and the rich moral material explored in the story.
0.7 Clooney and Corbijn are so busy painting the inner portraits and admiring the Abruzzo landscape that they forget to flesh out the plotpoints. It's not a fatal approach, just a flawed one.
0.3 "I know The American is not just a Clooney vanity project, but it sure has the trappings. There are seemingly endless shots of Clooney. And there are several shots of the back of George's head, which emotes as much as his face.
0.4 Jack works out. Jack puts together a rifle as if he were making a YouTube instructional video. Though Clooney broods beautifully, we'd like a story, too. But this Amer-I-can can't.
0.5 It's gorgeous to look at, sure, but that sort of thing is a given when you're in the Italian countryside, surrounded by beautiful Italian women, and your director is a professional photographer.
0.7 The American is not an action movie in the conventional sense. It is perhaps more accurately described as an art house film with guns.
0.875 Anton Corbijn is clearly more interested in mood, atmosphere and visual storytelling than in the plot.
0.75 Much like the town that hides Jack, "The American" is a beautiful relic, an honorable homage to films of the past.
0.875 The film becomes an interesting statement about our recent government's involvement in global affairs and an intimately tense tale of a man capable of more than just the violence he causes.
0.5 So threadbare, trite and predictable that not the star's formidable charisma nor the considerable talent of director Anton Corbijn can come close to erasing its deficiencies.
0.5 There's a difference between ambiguity and lack of detail, and Joffe and Corbijn don't seem to know what it is.
0.75 The American is never less than gorgeous. And the oblique approach it takes to what is a fairly standard plot creates a mood of suspense quickened by the accelerated heartbeat of Herbert Gronemeyer's unobtrusive music.
0.75 Clooney turns in an intense performance that owes little to his usual roguish charm.
0.9 Anton Corbijn's The American looks and feels like a movie made by a filmmaker who hasn't been to the movies since the '70s -- and I mean that as the highest compliment.
0.625 I enjoyed the film for its surfaces most of the way. Its pictorial assurance is undeniable. So is its destiny as an audience-divider.
0.25 A pretentious Euro-snore that should occasion a fraud prosecution for any marketer who calls it a thriller -- and which stars an actor who seems to wish his name were Jorg Cloone.
0.75 Corbijn makes the familiar strange, focusing on details other filmmakers would gloss over.
0.75 It does for hit men what Up in the Air did for frequent-flying corporate terminators, minus the comic tang.
0.75 The film's many pleasures are in its slow reveals, the dangerously enchanting scenery being among them. There is much of Roman Polanski's cold eye for beauty in Corbijn's work.
0.8 The American, a movie as coiled as a snake and as still as a sleepy villa, is the rare grownup thriller that knows the link between peace and danger and the tension that comes from both.
0.375 The problem lies with director Anton Corbijn, who has no feel for the material.
0.625 The American strains so hard to be European -- a slower, more intellectual cloak-and-dagger melodrama -- that it winds up feeling Canadian: more bloodless and chilly than thrilling.
0.625 While Corbijn attempts to humanize his espionage thriller, genre expectations too often disarm what could have been hair-trigger drama.
0.75 Clooney plays the enigmatic title character with mature confidence.
0.75 The film from Dutch director Anton Corbijn is as meticulous, enigmatic, and restrained as its protagonist.
0.75 The beautiful Italian scenery is almost worth the price of admission by itself.
0.5 Given the paucity of serious adult moviemaking that shows up in American megaplexes, it's almost ungrateful to turn up your nose when one arrives. But this isn't that serious a movie.
0.625 Movie allusions ultimately do Corbijn in ... he breaks the unwritten rule never to show a scene from a movie that's better than yours.
1.0 Here is a gripping film with the focus of a Japanese drama, an impenetrable character to equal Alain Delon's in Le Samourai, by Jean-Pierre Melville.
0.7 With Clooney it's an interesting project. Without him, it would simply be boring.
0.75 Crisp, compact and cryptic, The American is a standard-issue hit-man thriller tailor made for George Clooney.
0.5 While many of its elements whet our appetite and make the film well worth seeing, The American doesn't manage to deliver a fully satisfying meal.
0.6 The flashy visuals tend to say a lot more than the story itself.
0.5 Paris Hilton puts more effort and thought into her alibis.
0.75 The journey taken by Jack/Edward as he walks among the stucco buildings, curving stairways, mountainous slopes and ancient architecture is meditative and dreamlike, an elegiac wanderlust.
0.8 Audiences expecting a conventional Hollywood spy thriller will no doubt be disappointed to find out they've stumbled into an art-house film, but those seeking relief from the bombast of the summer movie season will be pleasantly surprised.
0.7 Deliberately European in style and feel, the film makes captivating use of [George] Clooney's talent and charisma, basking in his chemistry with just about anyone on screen.
0.7 With so much faith in understatement, it's like a short story extended to novel length--a bit low cal in the meat of the piece.
0.6 The American is like a paperweight sitting on your head for two hours.
0.6 Gorgeously shot with plenty of beautiful scenery to gush over, but mostly dull and disjointed, more "boredom-inducing" than Bourne.
0.75 ...cleverly, disconcertingly hushed.
0.7 For a change, a thriller that explores the calm, not the storm.
0.625 George Clooney is a somber, guilt-wracked assassin hiding out in mountainous central Italy-but despite the bleak sheen and Anton Corbijn's spatial dexterity, the script goes all Up in the Air.
0.875 The summer's best sequel and most satisfying blockbuster has finally arrived. Die Hard 2 is a blast.
0.75 Even when the script wanders into cynical overkill, Harlin makes sure the violence has some impact, some moral consequence, by sketching in characters for a few representative victims.
0.625 Though it has an inventive and unexpected plot twist, Die Hard 2 lacks credibility. "Die Hard" was that rare modern action picture with a wholly believable plot.
0.4 The filmmakers seem to be operating under the assumption that the way you top a successful movie is by making one that's louder, cruder and more violent.
0.75 The screenplay is precariously supported by the chips on John McClane's shoulders. Fortunately, it is also designed to Willis' unique specs.
0.75 Die Hard 2 delivers everything you'd expect from the title's promise. Trouble is, Die Hard 2 really didn't need to wallow in graphic violence to be a good, engaging picture.
0.8 Bruce Willis wonders aloud how it could happen to him again, but dons the white singlet anyway for this second hugely entertaining slice of action hokum.
0.6 As long as Willis is in his vest and playing McClane, it's hard to care about its shortcomings.
0.8 While this sequel may not rise to the heights of the classic first, it is still a damn fine flick with lots to love.
1.0 John McClane spreads vigilante Christmas cheer.
0.6 "How can the same thing happen to the same guy twice?" asks a bewildered and ultra-ironic John McClane. Well, make a film as successful as Die Hard and you'll soon find out.
0.5 [A] cynical, formulaic sequel.
0.75 ...as accessible and satisfying a sequel as one might've hoped...
0.4 This disappointing followup to Die Hard has more action and bigger action, but considerably less suspense.
0.6 Entertaining but forgettable.
0.6 Skillful filmmaking covers for a ridiculous plot
0.4 Too loud, too many explosions, too little intelligence.
0.6 Okay, but lacks the momentum of the original
0.6 So-so sequel that tries too hard to be the first film.
0.8 Lacks much of the rough charm and great villainy of the original, but is still a quite serviceable action flick. Willis keeps the bullets and one-liners coming.
0.625 There's not much of a plot.
0.2 Lame-brain sequel filled with some of the most ridiculous deaths in movie history.
0.6 It does its job, and clearly has no ambition to do anything else.
0.8 Unbelievably, the sequel did not suck as badly as its title had initially implied.
0.4 Try harder; a worthless sequel.
0.7 Standard sequel works well thanks to Willis and the high-flying heroics.
0.0 The setup is much more improbable as Willis' cop just happens to be at the scene of another mega-showdown.
0.4 A lot of people get shot and many punches are thrown, but there are zero memorable setpieces.
0.79 While it's impossible to find much reality in Die Hard 2, it is easy to find plenty of escapist excitement.
0.6 A sequel worth seeing.
0.6 This is an enjoyable action film: nothing requiring great thought, but certainly enjoyable.
0.875 This is terrific entertainment.
0.875 Somewhat-muddled but still entertaining.
0.75 Loaded with plausibility problems, but so fast a mover that we can't think about it. And that's all to the good.
0.2 It's possible the movie seemed to Lohan and/or her handlers a means to transition from her Disney movies into "adult" fare. It's also possible that no one read a script.
0.6 Lindsay Lohan takes on a dual role in director Chris Sivertson's twisty, perversely fascinating psycho thriller.
0.2 An unintentionally hilarious cross between Basic Instinct and The Parent Trap.
0.2 The scariest thing about this monumentally bad movie, apart from watching it, is Aubrey's hairless Sphynx cat, which commands more screen time than some secondary characters.
0.125 Lohan's virgin/whore dons a robotic hand, the perfect prop to match her performance.
0.1 There is nothing about this film that's even a bit redeeming, and so much that's so utterly wrong that whenever you think "it can't get any worse than this moment", you are proven incorrect.
0.2 Horror/thriller/pile of excrement.
0.4 I wanted it to be gloriously bad, camp-classic bad, and the movie is too ineptly artsy and unpleasant to make it.
0.2 Dificil dizer o que e pior: o roteiro com sua trama ridicula, a direcao que fracassa em suas aspiracoes "lynchinianas" ou a atuacao risivel de Lohan.
0.0 ...could easily be mistaken for the absolute worst that the straight-to-video landscape has to offer...
0.2 Deserves to die a quick death.
0.25 Lindsay Lohan is such an easy punching bag for her offscreen antics that it's dismaying that this genuinely talented young actress's onscreen career choices haven't done anything to help the cause.
0.0 A gruesome whodunit that's missing more than a few brain cells.
0.51 The problem with this film's exploration of a potentially interesting mystery is that I Know Who Killed Me is clumsy, stupid and just plain objectionable.
0.2 ...incompetent, even as basic torture-porn.
0.4 too trashy to be a complete bore, though it's also too TV-ish to work as a grand, campy folly
0.125 The whole thing is perverse, with first-time (and hopefully last time) screenwriter Jeffrey Hammond and director Chris Sivertson taking particular delight in the way the killer toys with his victims.
0.375 Incoherent and semi-vile.
0.2 So incredibly wrongheaded and laugh-out-loud funny that it earns enshrinement in the pantheon of cinematic two-headed cows.
0.0 There is no suspense in this film, just a series of bizarre scenes that make you wonder why you attended this film at all.
0.0 Exquisite in its awfulness, "I Know Who Killed Me" is the kind of stinker that makes it a perfect candidate for campy DVD viewings in years to come.
0.0 Between its garish digital photography and borderline incomprehensible narrative, I Know Who Killed Me at times suggests a hack's attempt at a Lynch film.
0.2 The most ridiculous film of its sort since the arrival of the equally ridiculous Boxing Helena. (Yeah, it's that kind of bad.)
0.0 [Lohan]'s hitting rock-bottom onscreen, too.
0.1 Trashy and incompetent - it's one of the worst movies of the year.
0.125 No review could really do justice to the monumental trashiness of this mess; it really has to be seen to be believed.
0.0 [A] sleazy, inept and worthless piece of torture porn.
0.2 Shoddily scripted and excessively stylized, I Know Who Killed Me pushes the bounds of what audiences will accept both narratively and aesthetically -- and oversteps them in every instance.
0.5 An intensely unpleasant killer-thriller mystery that has nevertheless been directed with low-budget craft by Chris Sivertson.
0.25 Easily marks the worst movie Lohan has appeared in and the worst performance she has given.
0.625 The images, flooded in deep blues and reds, are vibrant and just plain gorgeous, turning even empty moments into chances to aesthetically wow the viewer.
0.6 There is a part of me that wishes that I did have the nerve to recommend it after all because while it is terrible, it is the kind of strangely fascinating terrible that can make for an entertaining time at the movies under the right circumstances
0.1 What is billed as a suspenseful thriller is lacking any suspense, and generates cheap thrills only from scenes of torture, gore, and the occasional "jump" moment of pseudo-shock.
0.375 Simultaneously nasty and painfully dull.
0.0 Risible, grotesque, and incoherent.
0.0 The film is so cheap, lurid and overwrought it could be made up of lost reels from Grindhouse, except it lacks the knowing, self-referential humor of that B-movie parody.
0.0 It's sad to see the once-promising actress killing her career, between her self-destructive behavior behind the scenes and her poor judgment selecting scripts.
0.0 A choppy, cheap-looking mess with awkward dialogue and huge gaps in the plot.
0.25 No matter how you feel about the actress, watching this once-promising talent go slumming in this kind of material is grotesque.
0.0 I Know Who Killed Me, ostensibly a horror thriller in the slice-and-dice vein of Captivity and Saw, bagged as many laughs in its bloodbath finale as anything in The Simpsons Movie.
0.2 Small wonder that distributor TriStar Pictures has gone to great pains to hide this fiasco from critics: It's certainly the worst movie Lohan has ever appeared in and it's a formidable contender for worst movie of the year, period.
0.25 ...a weird combination of Showgirls, Saw and - what with Lohan's robotic hand - The Empire Strikes Back.
0.0 even my old stand by of, "At least, it started on time," doesn't apply here. After a 20 minute delay in starting the movie, I had to assume the projector was taking an ethical stand and refusing to be party to the heinous act of showing this movie
0.2 The script is shockingly tin-eared and inept.
0.0 Imagine the worst possible idea for a Parent Trap sequel that manages to combine elements of Stigmata, Dune, The Empire Strikes Back, The Corsican Brothers and Blue Man Group.
0.25 With sky-blue tools, gloves and mask, the killer looks so much like a member of the Blue Man Group that you expect him to spit marshmallows at his victims.
0.2 As a huge fan of unintentional comedy, I can wholeheartedly recommend it as that.
0.2 There is no way that Lohan was in her right mind when she signed the contract for this one.
0.8 If you cherish the idea of Joe Pesci, John Turturro (wearing a cowboy hat), Dean Stockwell, and Dennis Hopper in the same room, you won't be able to resist Backtrack.
0.4 One of film's greatest dissapointments.
0.5 When we finally come to hear and understand what probably did happen down in the hole, it's more elaborately ridiculous than the first story we heard.
0.4 you get the feeling the actors are hoping their characters will die soon so they can get off the set, fast.
0.4 Sem provocar grandes sustos ou estabelecer um bom clima de tensao, este e um filme sem proposito definido. Alem disso, a historia e rasa e a direcao de Hamm, burocratica.
0.75 The last 45-minutes of The Hole are so entertaining, so creepy that it's easy to forget how lame the first hour is.
0.4 An adolescent adventure that goes disastrously wrong for the protagonists - and, quite frequently, the audience.
0.625 Somehow, long after our sympathies have shrivelled up, Birch is able to squeeze another drop of compassion out of the tube.
0.75 Has similar premise to "Blair Witch 2", but also has better acting and a plot that makes sense
0.6 The qualities which made [Birch] flourish in that multi-Oscar-winner [American Beauty] are still abundantly clear.
0.9 Una buena opcion, una cinta interesante, bien lograda, y con giros gratos respecto al suspenso clasico de adolescentes al que estamos acostumbrados...
0.8 Above average Disney drama with Hayley Mills and dad John.
1.0 Inspired in part by the McCarthy hearings, the movie has lost none of its timeliness: The morality of surveillance technology is among its many themes.
1.0 This dazzling cinematic achievement has the rare good fortune of being one of those films that somehow seems to improve with each subsequent viewing -- the highest compliment indeed, given that it only takes one showing to evaluate its substantial worth.
1.0 Justly celebrated for its opening crane-tracking shot, Touch Of Evil is proof of Welles' prodigious film-making talents.
1.0 Expressionistic in the extreme, filled with shadows, angles and cinematic flourishes, the film raises the usual brooding nightmare ambiance of film noir to a level few other pictures have attempted.
1.0 Having the Touch of Evil envisioned by our most creative filmmaker, is a wondrous gift no movie lover should miss.
1.0 Orson Welles' masterwork of greed, treachery and revenge.
0.8 Even 50 years after studio heads lost patience and dumped it onto the bottom half of double bills, the final Hollywood film from Orson Welles is the opposite of ordinary.
1.0 When druggies stash Leigh in a hotel room and throw a party, the movie threatens to turn into Reefer Madness, albeit with the visual panache of Citizen Kane.
1.0 It is a testament to Welles' genius that he was able to turn a piece of pulp literature into such a disturbing, sophisticated and, above all, entertaining study of depravity.
1.0 A cinematic masterpiece and arguably the last great film noir.
0.8 Where Mr. Welles soundly succeeds is in generating enough sinister electricity for three such yarns and in generally staging it like a wild, murky nightmare.
0.75 Dark, sinister and not altogether comprehensible, this is nonetheless an intriguing study of the art of filmmaking.
1.0 Um estudo extremamente interessante sobre o carater de um homem que, para agir de acordo com os seus principios, nao via mal algum em infringi-los.
1.0 Welles' outlandish visual talent is on full display as he puts noir movie conventions through the wringer and creates one of the most terrifyingly seedy yet utterly compelling films ever made.
1.0 one of [Welles'] richest and most rewarding pictures
0.88 If this is not his greatest film, Touch of Evil certainly is among Welles' most entertaining.
1.0 clearly the work of a genius
1.0 The ingredients are all in place for pulp mayhem.
1.0 The film has always been a favorite of those who enjoy visual and dramatic flamboyance.
1.0 One of a few monumental 1950s swan songs marking the end of the great epoch of traditional studio filmmaking.
0.8 ...the movie shows a simplistic conflict of good vs. evil...
0.75 Whether TOUCH OF EVIL is a masterpiece as many have called it or just an intriguing, confusing and avant-garde B movie is the question.
1.0 ...a dark, perverse thriller about moral compromise and the price of corruption.
0.8 Even in underachievement Welles showed the truly magnificent scope of his talent and the excellent reputation of this film is, after all, well deserved.
1.0 "Touch of Evil" is arguably the best B-grade movie ever made.
1.0 The film has always been full of reckless energy, and now it is, as they say, better than ever.
1.0 A class act potboiler which still feels fresh and exciting.
1.0 [a] dark and extravagant crime drama
0.75 Touch of Evil is a savvy starter because Welles' astonishing cinematic invention and his persuasive presence as star are prime noir at tractions.
1.0 Welles has really created a wonderful little pot-boiler here, setting up atmosphere, deepening the characters, touching on themes, and, of course, doing some really nifty camerawork that's still astounding.
1.0 It's one of the truly great works of the American cinema, and it shows just what kind of excellence movies are capable of.
0.9 masterpiece of bad juju
0.8 ...as much about moviemaking as it is about storytelling.
0.6 Legacy intact! The Bourne Legacy ensures we've not seen the end of the franchise just yet.
0.6 Unless America is really that stuck on Matt Damon in the Bourne franchise, I see no reason that Renner's work here shouldn't make him a star.
0.8 It couldn't ever hope to match the Paul Greengrass/Matt Damon movies for sheer punch and propulsion, but it's as close to replicating them as you could expect, and marks another excellent entry into the Bourneography.
0.6 'The Bourne Legacy' is by no means a bad film. Unfortunately, it just has trouble living up to the real world Jason Bourne 'legacy.'
0.7 There's a lot to like about The Bourne Legacy, but it's hard not to feel a little worried that the rich complexity of Ludlum's past work might be lost in the transition-and that's a legacy that really needs to be upheld.
0.4 ... all middle with no beginning -- and, of course, no end, so the franchise can go on.
0.35 The Bourne Legacy is the strangest sequel to come out of the Hollywood studio system in a long, long time. It's a product of shallow studio greed and staggering creative ineptitude.
0.6 Though the weakest of the series, "The Bourne Legacy" is not a throw-away action film. It's one of the best thrillers of the year and a sure bet on the future success of the "Bourne" franchise.
0.6 If you can survive the first hour's complexities - you'll need to focus hard on the narrative to keep up - a pay-off, of sorts, awaits.
0.75 Renner and Weisz make an entertaining action-movie odd couple, the terse man of action and the chatty scientist who learns fast how to react when the shooting starts.
0.6 It's watchable, but doesn't have enough sense of character or purpose to make us care about anything that happens
0.625 It's a mostly unnecessary addition to the smart, exciting "Bourne" trilogy.
0.7 Jeremy Renner steps into this reboot of the "Bourne" franchise and the series doesn't miss a beat.
0.2 If this is the legacy of the Bourne franchise, we're better off just forgetting all about it.
0.5 After one of the best chase sequences of any movie this year, it literally slams into an ending that doesn't feel very much like an ending at all, leaving viewers adrift in a sea of unanswered spy questions.
0.5 When it comes to action filmmaking Tony Gilroy still has much to learn, namely: don't expect underwhelming action sequences to be a life preserver in an ocean of complicated plot devices.
0.8 An intelligent, fantastic piece of well constructed pop entertainment that has a certain air of erudite emotional remove.
0.6 It falters a little bit and it's really just an effort to keep a lucrative franchise alive without its iconic star, but it still seems to have plenty of life left in it.
0.6 It's as good a story as you can hope when you're trying to keep a franchise afloat without the main character, but it still feels a little underdone.
0.4 There comes a point at which you have enhanced soldiers fighting with non-enhanced people stuck in the middle...where you're just remaking Terminator 2.
0.6 The film is too well-made and too well-paced to reek of cynicism...But rather than leaving you yearning for yet more Bourne, this exhausting fourth installment is more likely to have you citing one of the clearly stated themes in the film: "no more".
0.75 an accelerated action movie riff on "Flowers for Algernon"
0.4 A bloated waste of time.
0.75 Even without Jason Bourne and the corresponding Matt Damon, it's a well-cast and well-done continuation of the series.
0.6 Manages at one and the same time to feel very propulsive without actually going anywhere in particular or having much of a point.
0.7 The Bourne Legacy is a solid, if slightly underwhelming, return for the franchise.
0.4 The Bourne Legacy in no way honours the Bourne legacy. It is merely an exercise in brand maintenance until Damon feels like climbing down off his wallet to be Bourne again.
0.8 The Bourne Legacy is quieter, slower, more sobering. The conspiracy is bigger and darker than we thought.
0.6 There's enough there, in all likelihood, to make audiences hope for more, but it's not as finished or complete a work as it should have been.
0.8 Jeremy Renner takes over the franchise and lends his character a menacing charm.
0.6 The action - foot chases, gun battles, and one lengthy episode on motorbikes in the choked streets of Manila - is really, really good.
0.6 A nimble and well-crafted chase thriller.
0.4 Where The Bourne Ultimatum was a lesson in how to construct a jargon-heavy, location-hopping, it-goes-all-the-way-up-to-the-top spy thriller, The Bourne Legacy is a lesson in how not to.
0.3 Why oh why would you spoil the brilliance of a perfect film trilogy with a Bourne inferior? The Bourne Legacy is a fourth big screen adventure for the super spy but sadly one without a plot, a point and most incredibly Jason Bourne.
0.75 Since The Bourne Legacy's non-ending leaves the franchise in need of a real finale, it would be great if Damon signs back up and joins Renner for one last Bourne experience.
0.75 Whether you like 'The Bourne Legacy' depends on what you think about 'link' movies.
0.4 It is really just another action chase story with a science-fictional MacGuffin concept that could have even been an afterthought.
0.4 All could be forgiven if the action delivered, but it doesn't.
0.8 The ending suggests a sequel, and why not? I'd watch Renner again, though I'd still prefer it if Damon and Greengrass returned.
0.6 Tony Gilroy handles the action sequences decently enough, aided by John Gilroy's brisk editing and striking camerawork from Robert Elswit.
0.8 It's game all the way, it has some applause moments for the superb engineering of several action sequences, and it rates high marks for conception and writing. But we're missing something. Could it be Jason Bourne?
0.64 Legacy is a fine pseudo-reboot--mostly setup but good enough to warrant a sequel to see what Gilroy and Renner come up with next.
0.6 It's an exciting chase thriller, but it's thin, playing like the first act of three parts and while Cross is physically strong, he may not have the legs for it.
0.4 Shares crucial DNA with the earlier films but is drawn from the shallower end of the gene pool.
0.5 If Identity, Supremacy, and Ultimatum were the cheeky entree, mouth-watering main, and delectable dessert, respectively, watching this fourquel feels like finally receiving the bill.
0.8 Gilroy hasn't locked down every last task and stumbles at the end, but he keeps an awful lot spinning for an awfully long time.
0.9 Whether you call this a reboot, extension, evolution or a spin-off, I'm thrilled with where this franchise can go.
0.5 For 100 minutes, this is a slam-bang, humdinger of a movie, which turns into a Perils of Pauline serial, with the story never coming to an end after a mindless, 30-minute chase.
0.5 The 'Curse of the Pink Panther' of Jason Bourne films.
0.4 Everything Gilroy and crew concoct only serves to mock the excellence and passion with which Greengrass delivered his films.
0.75 Might have benefited from a tighter edit, but overall still manages to thrill.
0.7 A fundamental issue at the heart of The Bourne Legacy is it lacks the same propulsive narrative and ongoing journey of self-discovery for its protagonist - key ingredients which made the first series so memorable.
0.5 The Bourne Legacy may wind up being remembered as the New Coke of the Bourne franchise. It's really not all that much different, but it's likely to leave the public clamoring for Bourne Classic.
0.6 The Bourne Legacy moves on, and takes us on a spirited journey. Stow your baggage, and it's a trip well worth taking.
0.6 This is such an obvious black-ops ploy to milk the cash cow...
0.625 Action sequences run hot-and-cold: A battle inside Marta's home is superbly orchestrated, but a chase through Manila is overbaked, particularly when one notes that the assassin in pursuit proves to be as indestructible as a T-1000 sent from the future.
0.8 You can be Bourne again without Bourne -- again.
0.75 A primer on how to make a successful sequel sans a hit franchise's title character, star or source material from the series' creator.
0.5 There are a handful of key action sequences that are wrapped up in this really boring movie. It's like one of the lamest and least memorable pigs in a blanket you've ever experienced.
0.5 "Like Flowers for Algernon, only with Predator drones."
0.5 It's too bad that Universal wasn't content with merely letting amnesiac superspy Jason Bourne (Matt Damon) end his saga with dignity.
0.7 Gilroy brings a calmness and a smartness to the summer action movie, and it was a welcome diversion.
0.5 The Bourne Legacy needs Matt Damon, better action and an ending. The best part about this flick is James Newton Howards incredible score!
0.625 The Bourne Legacy is competently made, features a rugged hero and packs a few visceral wallops. It's also a wholly unnecessary extension of the "Bourne" brand, and that fact drags down the entire project.
0.4 Might pass muster as a serviceable, if infuriatingly coy, Bourne spin-off if the lead were not so woefully miscast.
0.5 We come looking for bravado and butt kicking...we end up with little more than dialogue and discussion.
0.5 For a film with Jason Bourne's DNA, this is the slow one in the family.
0.625 Disappointing recycling of bits from older "Bourne" movies with an unnecessarily complicated, slow-to-get-going and even by Bourne standards unbelievable plot.
0.6 As mindless entertainment goes, Legacy is better than most with good dialogue and excellent character work from Renner. But it's incomplete and ultimately unable to carve out an identity of its own.
0.6 Non-stop action sequel holds its own against predecessors.
0.75 What Gilroy can do with mastery is build tension.
0.875 Renner and Weisz work well together as two hunted souls who initially need each other for utilitarian reasons.
0.6 Universal hits reset, take the series in a new direction, and introduces some fresh ideas that help buttress what ends up being a reasonably intense action film.
0.5 Gilroy's a fine writer - he also penned Michael Clayton - but without the discipline of an action veteran like Greengrass to rein him in, he indulges his weakness to over-explain things.
0.2 This franchise is going to have to come up with something pretty special if it hopes to limp past this miserable entry.
0.5 It's twists and turns and nothing else. And fast and furious as it may be, if this is the best this once-smart series has to offer, this is no legacy.
0.55 A quasi spinoff, a side-quel if you will, the plot runs in an obfuscated parallel construction. Hang thru the first hour for a much better second. Renner + Weisz are worth it.
0.625 The Bourne Legacy is one of Alfred Hitchcock's "refrigerator movies," in that it succeeds pretty well "in the moment" but starts to fall apart when considered in retrospect.
0.125 They really should promote it as The Bourne Legacy starring Jeremy Renner, Rachel Weisz and a photo of Matt Damon We Will Show Every 5 Minutes To Make You Feel Like Matt Damon Is In The Movie.
0.5 Disappointing as both a Bourne sequel and as Tony Gilroy's followup to the brilliant Duplicity...
0.375 This is a talky, draggy thriller, muddled by flashbacks and woefully low on action.
0.75 Bourne fans will find much to enjoy about The Bourne Legacy, even if they are forced to do without the title character.
0.75 Gilroy has brought characteristic taste and skill to a nearly impossible task: embracing the past without completely erasing it, thereby creating an invitingly complicated and open-ended future.
0.6 Along the way there are a number of action set pieces including a bravura chase through Manila on foot and on motorcycle that plays out like a game of three-dimensional chess.
0.4 The biggest problem isn't even Bourne's absence- it's that the film's parts don't add up to much of substance.
0.45 an uneven start to a new franchise that may need a director with a completely different vision in order for it to be truly born again.
0.7 Never tell a studio that their golden goose is finished laying eggs.
0.5 The need to link this story to the ones before it is understandable ... but it's also a massive weight on the movie's shoulders.
0.25 The "X-Men Origins: Wolverine" or "Exorcist II: The Heretic" of the "Bourne" series, a low-rent, low-voltage rehash with each new idea offered up being a bad one.
0.25 It all but squanders Jeremy Renner and Rachel Weisz, although with actors less appealing, "The Bourne Legacy" would be even worse.
0.5 "The Bourne Legacy" is ... the cinematic equivalent of an NFL Pro Bowl - exciting, but after a while all the offense becomes a tad tiresome and repetitious. There is something to be said for defense.
0.8 Complex, unexpected and dazzling, alternating relentless tension with resonant emotional moments, this is an exemplary espionage thriller that has a strong sense of what it wants to accomplish and how best to get there.
0.6 It's deja vu all over again.
0.75 A brisk and challenging film.
0.6 Essentially one big long chase scene that never wants to stop, and with good reason. Because whenever it does, the audience might start thinking.
0.125 not merely the worst entry in a series I've liked until now, but also one of the worst movies of the year.
1.0 "The Bourne Legacy" makes the most of its inheritance and sets the stage for a long, rich genealogy to come.
0.75 A momentum-driven thriller that depends less on star power than on epic action sequences.
0.4 'Legacy' has to dig deeper to find new ground to cover, introducing elements of sci-fi into the equation. The result is surprisingly limp and even more incomprehensible.
0.5 It struggles (ironically) to establish its own identity. Bourne himself, it turns out, casts too great a shadow.
0.625 The Bourne Legacy is dwarfed by the three smash Bourne movies that preceded it. But for summer movie night escapsim, you could do worse.
0.625 Renner projects too much complexity to be an action hero, and he and Weisz have no chemistry ...
0.625 The best thing that can be said about "The Bourne Legacy" is that Renner will survive it.
0.6 By the time Rachel Weisz, as a scientist called Dr. Marta Shearing, showed up in a lab coat, I stopped trying to parse every plot twist and just went with the action flow.
0.625 It's chaotic, but still kind of fun.
0.6 He won't erase any memories of Damon, but Renner's turn is strong enough to stand on its own.
0.375 Paul Greengrass directed the second and third Jason Bourne films brilliantly but refused to go on, joking that any fourth installment would have to be called The Bourne Redundancy. Little did he know how true that would turn out to be.
0.7 The Bourne series hasn't been reinvented, only revived, and there's plenty of fuel still to burn.
0.75 These franchise films are best when they feature working actors such as Renner.
0.6 Taken on its own terms, "The Bourne Legacy" is a pretty good action thriller.
0.5 Just remember, kids, you're not paranoid if they're really out to get you...or your movie dollars.
0.625 It's not great, but it's pretty good.
0.6 Interesting takes on espionage tools of drones, genetics, and surveillance.
0.4 If this is Bourne's legacy, he should amend his will.
0.7 There are some elements of The Bourne Legacy that feel a bit too much like the less-accomplished sibling of a successful older brother but not enough to offset what truly does work about this smart, engaging thriller.
0.6 Despite its muddled origins, this fourth movie is much more of a bang and less of a whimper than any of us feared, and Jeremy Renner is emerging as the intelligent person's action star.
0.75 It bodes well for the future of the franchise that Renner and Wesiz share not only a gripping predicament but something more important: chemistry.
0.75 Matt who? Jeremy Renner finally gets his due in this well-crafted and entirely satisfying entry in the sturdy spy franchise.
0.7 ...there are excellent performances and a few really first-rate suspense-set pieces...
0.8 It adheres pretty strictly to the BOURNE formula, but LEGACY is still a very entertaining spy thriller. Renner is shaping up to be an ace leading man.
0.5 The Gilroys --co-writer/director Tony, writer Dan -- don't kill or wreck "The Bourne Legacy." But this Treadstone retread just treads water, and that's no way to make it Bourne again.
0.75 Jeremy Renner transitions smoothly into leading man status. He's scrappy. Athletic. Real.
0.75 Without being remotely realistic ... has a crunch that nonetheless feels authentic.
0.5 The last half-hour of the film is one enormous action sequence in Manila that must have been exceptionally difficult to shoot and even harder to edit together. It's also hard to sit through.
0.5 Narratively it's a pretzel, half-baked.
0.625 It's ultimately not quite satisfying. It's a quick, tense trip, rather than a thrill ride.
0.625 "The Bourne Legacy" is always gripping in the moment. The problem is in getting the moments to add up.
0.65 Renner and Weisz have the crackle of legitimate chemistry, enough to make you want more scenes of them together and less of them in visually garbled clashes and chases.
0.5 Merely an unnecessary (and mostly unsuccessful) footnote.
0.6 In the original Bourne series it was "fight fight fight/story story story." It had that balance. This one has a lot of talking for a long time. We get the point, and then they keep talking and talking...let's have a fight already.
0.76 I was hooked and then it left me a bit flat at the end. Maybe I'm just spoiled because of The Avengers where I always want to see someone team up or go against each other. If that happens with this franchise it seems like it would fit.
0.5 Rachel Weisz is the best thing in this overlong slog through Matt Damon's table scraps.
0.6 Perhaps in a second movie Aaron Cross can stand on his own, but for now he feels trapped in the shadow of what came before.
0.4 The Bourne Legacy disgraces the family name
0.6 The verbal heavy-lifting gets ridiculous in light of the silliness of the story's X-Men-ready genetic-mutation plot.
0.6 Sets the stage for better and fuller adventures to come.
0.4 If this movie were its own animal it would have a shot at being good. Its franchise contortions ruin it.
0.625 One successful set piece in 135 minutes, and it involves very little running, no parkour, and no genetically enhanced superheroes from clandestine government projects.
0.8 Although there isn't nearly as much action as the original three movies, it's doubtful anyone will leave Legacy not wanting to see more of Renner and Weisz in these roles.
0.8 Writer and director Tony Gilroy, who penned all three previous episodes, has come up with an elegant solution that manages to widen out the story without feeling like a Hollywood cash-in.
0.875 Like Memento, it invites viewing over and over again.
0.75 Insomnia is not so much about the murder mystery as it is about Will's internal struggle with what's right and what's possibly okay.
0.875 Insomnia proves that Memento wasn't a fluke: Nolan is a major talent with many more good films ahead of him.
0.375 Christopher Nolan's Insomnia adds 11 minutes to the Norwegian movie of the same name and manages to make everything that was fleeting and tantalizing in the original weighty, literal and dull.
0.8 Christopher Nolan's follow-up to Memento is just as taut and ambiguous as its predecessor and -- arguably -- features better performances from its leading me
0.8 This skilfully directed psychodrama from Christopher Nolan proves that hit European movies can be remade successfully.
0.6 Insomnia is a slow burn, and the European influences are very obvious in both pacing and tone.
0.6 ...if there is anything that spoils the fun, it's the plot itself, which is too straightforward and offers too few surprises to be entirely engaging.
0.875 Pacino can't be accused of sleepwalking through Christopher Nolan's brilliant Insomnia.
1.0 This director has an unerring knack for arresting imagery and disorienting narrative.
0.75 Director Christopher Nolan sure does like to mess with the senses.
0.75 Fans of the original will miss its relentless dyspepsia, but Nolan's intention was clearly to cast the material in a more conventional Hollywood mold without turning it into namby-pamby nonsense, and he succeeds admirably.
0.875 Very good...
0.7 Never reaches its full potential, but still manages to be better than the average, run-of-the-mill crime thriller.
0.8 Inteligente suspense que conta com otimos dialogos e atuacoes deslumbrantes de Pacino e Williams. As cenas em que estes contracenam sao geniais - e a fotografia e as locacoes sao belissimas.
0.8 Pacino is on world-beating form and Williams delivers his best straight performance yet.
0.8 A classic example of a director bringing his own vision to the mainstream.
0.9 Pacino gives one of the best performances I've seen him in; his sense of sleeplessness is infectuous, weighing down the entire proceeding with a kind of relentless fatigue.
0.7 It grabs us with the premise and holds our attention and doesn't let go.
0.8 Head and shoulders above the usual Hollywood thriller and that rare thing, a decent remake of a foreign film.
0.8 At its core, a standard cop drama, complete with the climactic crescendo of violence. But by then we're completely in its spell.
0.7 Instead of being another by-the-numbers cop chases killer movie, it delves deeper into the central characters worlds and portrays neither as straight-out good guy or bad guy.
0.8 There are "strange things done in the midnight sun" by a killer -- and by a cop -- in this taut remake from the director of Memento.
0.75 Insomnia is not a flawless movie, but it is the kind of thriller that gets under your skin -- an effect that plenty of sleekly crafted films never manage to achieve.
0.6 The pluses of the film are excellent cinematography and sound effects.
0.875 The film is more interested in being a character study than using a complex web of events to gyp us around.
1.0 This could this be The Big Sleep for a new generation.
0.875 The talented Nolan won't need to lose any sleep over whether he lived up to expectations.
0.8 Pacino is brilliant as the sleep-deprived Dormer, his increasing weariness as much existential as it is physical.
0.9 The screenplay by Hillary Seitz provides leading actors Robin Williams and Al Pacino with many big, challenging moments.
0.75 It's a crafty story told with more style and gray areas than your average thriller.
0.7 Held together by Al Pacino's Oscar-worthy performance.
0.875 It's a thinking man's movie in the blockbuster season and an excellent counterbalance to the comic thrills of Star Wars and Spider-Man.
0.8 Insomnia is involving. Still, I thought it could have been more.
1.0 Everything fits together and complements every other aspect of the film, from the visuals of the desolate landscape to the sharp editing to the moody music.
0.85 Insomnia es la union de dos hombres que desbordan talento, en un thriller policiaco.
0.7 An artful, intelligent film that stays within the confines of a well-established genre.
0.5 It's paced well, filmed well, and acted well, and it looks like everyone managed to pick up their paychecks well, too.
0.875 Takes the killer's mind games with the detective to a disturbing level. Not since Seven has the bad guy so successfully undermined his pursuer's moral center.
0.75 Nolan shows that his achievement in Memento was no fluke, although this time around he plays it safer
0.7 The strength in this lies in the performances, and while Al Pacino is doing yet another tired cop character which he's become well known for he still is just utterly compelling to watch on screen.
0.875 ...a noble nail-biter, a killer thriller than shows us that the fine battle lines between trusted cop and conniving criminal can be shaken and blurred...and thoroughly enjoyed.
0.75 The new Insomnia is a surprisingly faithful remake of its chilly predecessor, and when it does elect to head off in its own direction, it employs changes that fit it well rather than ones that were imposed for the sake of commercial sensibilities.
0.9 Al Pacino looks like absolute death in this movie, the first bona fide masterpiece of 2002.
0.8 What I thought was another wacky adventure with Dave Attell turned out to be a thrilling and absorbing tale on moral and ethical decay.
0.9 Robin plays the role of the killer with chilling logic and reason, which makes his performance all the more disturbing.
0.7 This movie may not keep you up at night, but it will keep you guessing until the very end.
0.8 Summer Movie Season? Oscar Season!
1.0 Remarkable for its intelligence and intensity.
0.8 If Insomnia proves anything, it's that Christopher Nolan is just as good at telling stories moving forward as he is at telling them in reverse.
1.0 Not only is Insomnia one of the most intense police procedurals ever filmed, it's also one of the most riveting moral dramas I've ever seen.
0.625 Nolan has not made a poor movie... but he has made a poor remake.
0.7 Nolan proves that he can cross swords with the best of them and helm a more traditionally plotted popcorn thriller while surrendering little of his intellectual rigor or creative composure.
0.875 A skillfully complex and engrossing character study...A challenging piece of work that does not just thrill, but provokes thought out of its attentive evocations.
0.75 The tense interplay between Pacino and Williams alone makes the film worth watching.
0.625 Insomnia certainly won't put you to sleep.
0.5 The Hollywood remake feels oddly castrated when compared to the original.
0.75 Registers as a superb, intricate, emotional thriller, complete with an ending that complements the film's intelligence.
1.0 This remake gets all there is to get out of a peculiar premise with promise: Al Pacino loathing Robin Williams.
0.6 Continually challenges perceptions of guilt and innocence, of good guys and bad, and asks us whether a noble end can justify evil means.
0.75 It proves quite compelling as an intense, brooding character study.
0.875 Pacino, his creased face looking like it's been aged in a smokehouse, is wonderfully bleary as the increasingly confused Dormer.
0.7 The film is a solid, character-driven piece, with a terrific visual look and a good score, but it's not quite the brilliant, edge of your seat thriller that it seems it also wants to be.
0.75 A haunting psychological drama.
0.75 A fairly classy thriller.
0.875 It'll keep you wide awake and ... very tense.
1.0 An impressive follow-up to Memento and confirms the director's considerable promise.
0.75 Nolan delivers a psychological thriller that is taut with suspense and visually stunning, even if it doesn't exactly break new ground.
0.75 With Insomnia, his third feature, Nolan, 32, has proven himself a precocious master of the thriller.
0.9 A taut, fully realized thriller that's destined for canonization by suspense buffs and Art-heads alike.
0.875 That rare instance where Hollywood improves upon a movie from foreign soil.
1.0 A four-course gourmet alternative to summer popcorn flicks, serving up the meatiest performances Al Pacino and Robin Williams have given in many years.
0.625 Given all the resources in the world, Nolan, a director-for-hire here, responds by stretching his legs rather than his imagination.
0.75 Proves the 32-year-old Nolan is the real deal, a gifted storyteller who knows how to use style, mood and composition to illustrate his characters' inner lives along with their actions.
0.75 Insomnia does not become one of those rare remakes to eclipse the original, but it doesn't disgrace it, either.
0.8 A psychological thriller with a smart script and an obsessive-compulsive's attention to detail.
0.8 A nightmarish thriller that continues to haunt the viewer long after the film's shocking and disturbing climax unfolds.
0.8 We've got three Oscar-winning actors here and everybody does amazing work.
0.75 When all else is said and done, Insomnia runs on the pure adrenalin of Pacino's performance.
1.0 Atmospheric and deeply attuned to nuance, Insomnia is a thinking ticket buyer's murder mystery.
0.875 This English-language redo actually manages to better flesh out the characters and explain some fuzzy motivations, which makes it a definite improvement on the original.
0.875 Nolan and cinematographer Wally Pfister know how to mix riveting action with psychological drama.
1.0 Williams' devious, subtly psychotic turn here is some of the finest work of his career, and beautifully matches, in their scenes together, Pacino's uncharacteristically whispery portrayal of a man losing every one of his bearings.
0.8 Pacino hasn't been this good in ages, dropping his usual mannerisms to dig deep into his multi-layered character, and Williams makes a chillingly serene psycho.
0.875 Unlike most remakes, the Nolan Insomnia is not a pale retread, but a re-examination of the material, like a new production of a good play.
0.7 A superior version of an already very good film.
0.75 It's a psychological thriller with actual thrills and actual psychology.
0.875 In a movie brimming with visual flair, Nolan also leaves room for his actors.
0.6 An excellent film.
0.6 There's nothing extremely wrong with this piece, but there's nothing terribly right about it, either.
0.8 A complex, thoughtful thriller.
0.5 There's nothing provocative about this film save for the ways in which it studiously avoids provoking thought.
0.9 One of the most satisfying crime thrillers in years. See it. And then give the original a rent. It's only fair.
0.5 Pacino slips in and out of a Southern accent so badly it seems like a joke he's pulling on us... Robin Williams plays Mork on heroin.
0.875 It's a cat-and-mouse game, but Insomnia feels original because Pacino is both cat and mouse.
0.875 An intelligent cat and mouse thriller with Pacino and Williams taking turns at being the cat.
0.75 Nolan has proved that he's as adept with a straightforward and well-plotted thriller as he is with a idiosyncratic, ingenious one.
0.875 How often can you say a remake is better than the original, especially a Hollywood remodeling of a quirky foreign film?
1.0 The acting alone is worth the price of admission.
0.75 Proves the best (read: most unsettling) of its type since The Pledge.
0.875 Pacino fans ought to go nuts for this performance, since it's one of his best in years.
0.8 A dark character study of incredible intelligence.
0.8 If you enjoy taut murder mysteries with deep character predicaments, this film will likely appeal to your tastes.
0.71 The filmmakers have succumbed to the temptation of saying too much and leaving too little for us to discern on our own.
1.0 Both a picture in the Hitchcockian tradition designed to purely tingle your senses & a thinking person's drama that constantly defies you to ask, "What would you do?"
0.75 A thinking person's detective story with an intriguing cat-and-mouse game between perp and investigator.
0.75 While Insomnia is in many ways a conventional, even predictable remake, Nolan's penetrating undercurrent of cerebral and cinemantic flair lends (it) stimulating depth.
0.625 Dormer's eerie descent into the film's Alaskan burb feels like the start of a very eerie episode of "Fantasy Island."
0.75 The hook is the drama within the drama, as an unsolved murder and an unresolved moral conflict jockey for the spotlight.
0.9 Nolan has made a film that achieves in both acting and visual technique.
0.75 The tense and atmospheric film has plenty of twists, although many of them are easy to guess. The treat is watching veteran actor Pacino at work.
0.75 Thoughtful, gripping and steeped in action that defines character.
0.8 Before the Devil Knows You're Dead is an immensely disturbing and tragic morality tale, which focuses on the consequences and repercussions of a sinister act driven by greed.
0.75 Lumet proves he's still a master storyteller, and Philip Seymour Hoffman is fantastic.
0.875 No matter how irredeemable and pathetic the behavior of their characters might be, Hoffman and Hawke evoke a squirming recognition and empathy.
1.0 Lumet is still one of the best directors in the business.
0.4 Lumet's latest film, Before the Devil Knows You're Dead is an unpleasant film with unpleasant characters. It would be easy to dismiss, if it weren't directed by maestro Sidney Lumet. But the movie is labored and repetitive.
0.875 Sometimes it feels like too much, but then again, Before the Devil Knows You're Dead is an exercise in piling it on, with each plot twist all but guaranteeing the absolute damnation of its struggling characters,
0.625 My biggest problem with this movie is that underneath all the style and film tricks, I really didn't like or care what happened to any of these characters.
0.75 This is one of the most gut-wrenching thrillers in recent memory, and it features a real sucker-punch ending.
0.8 Si William Shakespeare viviera y fuera guionista, el resultado podria ser algo bastante parecido a esto.
0.8 Traz o peso de tragedia grega que Woody Allen buscou com sucesso apenas moderado em O Sonho de Cassandra.
1.0 Before the Devil Knows You're Dead won't do much for anyone's feelings about human nature, but it will definitely restore your faith in gritty crime movies.
0.875 This would be a vigorous film for a man of any age, but it's a special treat from our favorite octogenarian.
1.0 This masterfully-crafted, multi-layered murder mystery proves that the legendary Sidney Lumet hasn't lost his edge, despite being well into his eighties.
0.875 The film's director, Sidney Lumet, is 83 but he hasn't lost his feel for bleak New York stories programmed to end in tears.
0.8 Conceptually bold and unnervingly suspenseful, Before the Devil Knows You're Dead is one of the best films Lumet has directed in a very long and at times uneven career.
0.8 It's pretty good, isn't it?
0.8 Hoffman's brilliant in this nailbiting thriller and character study.
0.7 Before the Devil Knows You're Dead is a sleeker, slimmer film than Lumet's done in some time, but it is quite possibly his strongest work in decades.
0.9 Even though the story plays out nonlinearly, the intensity surges up a straight slope. This would seem impossible if not for the masterful screenplay by first-timer Kelly Masterson and deft direction by Sidney Lumet.
0.5 Marked by hammy performances and outlandish revelations, Sidney Lumet's film can barely hold a candle to his greatest work.
1.0 In its relentless and uncompromising nastiness, cold-sweat tension and fear, its serious engagement with the idea of evil and sin and finally in the way it evolves, persuasively, into a kind of contemporary family tragedy, this is in a different league.
0.8 If you want a quality crime caper, then this is for you.
0.8 Hoffman's reliably superb while Albert Finney, as the lads' father, is as good as he's ever been.
0.5 A crime melodrama that takes risks with characterisation and narrative structure, but ends up as awkward, indulgent and hard to like as its main protagonists.
0.6 Lumet doesn't damn himself, but it's hardly cinema heaven. Hoffman, Hawke and Finney claw strong moments out of an underwhelming script, but for some the only thing that'll stick is Marisa Tomei with her kit off.
0.833333333333 Superior fare, packed with insight and suspense.
0.6 Veteran director Sidney Lumet (Serpico, Dog Day Afternoon) shows he's no slouch at 83 when it comes to crafting first-class thrillers with a pitch black core.
0.8 Bleak, brutal and quite possibly brilliant, this is a triumphant return to form for Lumet and further proof that Hoffman is on an incredible winning streak.
0.8 Impressively directed by Sidney Lumet (he's 83, you know), this is a thoroughly gripping thriller with a strong script and terrific performances from its two leads.
0.9 There may be very little that is nice about the people in this ferocious family film from Lumet but it's awfully nice to see him pull it off this late in the game.
0.75 Before the Devil Knows Your Dead is an insightful, incisive lesson in potential. Every frame oozes desperation and there is always a plan being concocted.
0.875 I want Albert Finney's Lincoln Town Car.
0.68 Unfortunately, like Andy's character, the parts don't add up.
1.0 Lumet's "Network" earned an incredible five acting nominations come Oscar time (three wins) and I wouldn't be surprised to see "Before the Devil Knows You're Dead" earn a solid four.
0.9 It's powerfully crafted, intensely paced and brilliantly acted from all involved players, and a film that's easily [Lumet's] best since Network.
0.3 A miserable, dejected little flick.
0.8 Before the Devil Knows You're Dead is kinetic. It's dynamite laced with electricity. It's a perfectly played puzzle that's final images make for an astoundingly satisfying statement.
0.91 ...echoes of Sophoclean tragedy ... and the Old Testament
0.75 Lumet moves Devil with a purpose, all the while maintaining a firm grip on his live-wire cocktail of guilt and paranoia.
0.875 One of the pleasures of "Devil" is watching what a classic, old-school director Lumet is, focusing intensely on character and staging rather than relying on fast edits or visual trickery.
0.75 While Masterson's script might come up a hair short, Lumet remains firmly in control: Even at 83, there's nothing arthritic about his ability to engage our emotions or our intellect.
0.75 Hawke, in particular, puts on a blistering show of flustered regret.
0.9 At age 83, Lumet proves he's at the top of his game with this expertly directed melodramatic thriller, relentlessly teasing us with a twisty story and provocative characters.
0.875 Lumet navigates the shifting narrative nimbly, and effortlessly handles the plot twists and emotional beats with equal precision.
0.7 The film has some powerful drama with Philip Seymour Hoffman turning in a superb performance. But the tone is relentlessly downbeat.
0.8 A darkly realistic vision of extraordinary power.
0.8 Classic Lumet.
0.4 Before the Devil Knows You're Dead brims with possibility, but very little of it actually works.
0.875 One of the most electrifying genre films of the year.
0.8 Before The Devil Knows You're Dead plays around a bit with time and perception, and the story unfolds at a tremendous clip. The movie is not without its share of black humour, but it's an exercise in violence and adrenalin. And tragedy.
0.75 At a time when family movies are usurped by fantasies of sentimental feelgood, Lumet's latest -- the mangled-heist melodrama Before the Devil Knows You're Dead -- delivers a swift kick straight to the jewels.
0.875 Last month, there were a couple of movies (Michael Clayton, We Own the Night) that recalled the '70s heyday of director Sidney Lumet. This month, we get the real deal.
0.875 Sidney Lumet's Before the Devil Knows You're Dead starts with a bad idea -- a plan by two brothers to rob their parents' jewelry store -- and whips itself into a beautifully acted, nervous-making frenzy of a melodrama.
0.875 Lumet's rejection of despair and cynicism despite the grimness of the events he depicts ('Fail-Safe' ends with the obliteration of New York) and his refusal to disrespect the intelligence of his audience seem more valuable every day.
0.5 The problem is not that the director is working but that his latest film is working too hard. Way too hard a" this thing is melodrama running a marathon.
1.0 The family dynamics are skillfully rendered, the suspense is bruising and each man's performance is a revelation.
0.5 Just when Lumet starts to build some decent tension, he cuts back, losing the suspense and replacing it with a rehash of what we've already seen.
0.8 [Lumet's] best film since 1982's The Verdict.
0.9 Loaded with operatic gravity and noirish fatalism.
0.8 Despite its idiosyncrasies compared to more modern thrillers, it's a fine addition to an outstanding season for movies.
0.6 There's a sense of the filmmaker himself trying to decide just what to make of this spectacle he's staged, what stance to take.
0.875 Proving why he's still an American classic, 83-year-old director Sidney Lumet turns in another brilliantly executed crime thriller
1.0 If God is in the obvious details, Devil is in the ones you might tragically overlook.
1.0 There's no larger message other than that greed gives us something to hold on to even as it kills us.
0.8 Lumet works with a fine cast of actors who are all at the top of their game.
0.9 Before the Devil Knows You're Dead is often an uncomfortable film to sit through, but the rewards it offers make it well worth the effort.
0.7 Gives a crackerjack cast some fine characters and dialogue to tussle with.
0.5 ...(a) dark, dour, depressing dirge.
0.9 Insightful, impeccably crafted crime drama with the moral undertones of classic Greek tragedy.
0.875 [Lumet] proves that at 83 he's still the master of the game.
0.875 Watching this impeccably crafted melodrama, you feel grateful for a veteran filmmaker who serves a gripping story with a confident efficiency that's lean, mean and focused like a laser.
1.0 An invigorating, refreshing and unusual thing to see one done so expertly.
0.8 This is no nostalgia trip taken by an 83-year-old director. It's a fierce, hot slap of a movie, a shameless melodrama with bite.
0.75 Sidney Lumet makes his best movie in ages, a crackerjack crime thriller that goes for the jugular.
1.0 Sidney Lumet's Before the Devil Knows You're Dead is such a superb crime melodrama that I almost want to leave it at that. To just stop writing right now and advise you to go out and see it as soon as you can.
0.9 Lumet's latest proves as riveting and ambitious as any of his best work.
0.875 ...like being trapped in a closet with your greatest regrets.
0.8 Somehow, Lumet and his expert cast are able to make his shady characters compelling even though these folks might pause for only a passing thought before stabbing each other in the back, literally.
1.0 Lumet's film is a stunner.
0.9 This is an actor-y movie. Even if you think the plot is a little implausible, and you're worn out by the grand tragedy of it all, you can't deny that the actors aren't giving it everything they've got.
1.0 From start to finish, "Before The Devil Knows You're Dead" is an absolute knockout and can already be ranked as one of the pinnacles of the long and reasonably distinguished career of Sidney Lumet.
0.875 A sharply acted and highly entertaining morality play.
0.75 Lumet directs the script with the actor-centered efficiency that has served him well over a surprising array of projects.
0.625 ...nothing more than a perfunctory thriller...
0.8 It has been exactly 50 years since Sidney Lumet made his first movie but let's hope on the basis of this shattering edge-of-your-seat stuff that he hasn't made his last.
0.8 At 83 years-old, Lumet still manages to deliver this film in a captivating, edge-of-your-seat fashion.
0.875 The true star of this nerve-racking family crime drama, shot with a minimum of fuss by Ron Fortunato, is playwright and first-time screenwriter Kelly Masterson's deft script.
1.0 This flick is fast and ferocious, [Lumet's] sharpest and best since Prince of the City -- and surely one of the year's finest.
0.625 As deliberately provocative and in-your-face ugly as this film is, it still plays as second-rate Tarantino instead of first-rate Lumet.
0.9 Before the Devil Knows You're Dead is a chronicle of destruction -- physical, spiritual and moral.
0.875 Lumet's movie is about people rather than jewels or guns. And, at 83, he knows a thing or two about people.
0.7 The skill of the movie comes in using its structure to peel away the outer layers of these people and to slowly reveal the depths of their psychological damage.
0.75 You get all the weight of dishonorable people and the choices they make and the added pounds of a more modern style that probably keeps a very good film from ranking with Lumet's classics.
0.8 Lumet hasn't been this energetic and perceptive since The Verdict, released two-and-a-half decades ago.
0.875 Family, and the core ideals that hold them in place, are blown to smithereens by the robbery at the ravaged heart of Sidney Lumet's scalding new thriller.
0.5 It's tough for a movie that starts out with a doggy-style sex scene in Rio to maintain momentum, and Before the Devil isn't nearly as carefully sculpted as Tomei.
0.833333333333 The movie, however, belongs to Lumet: The fact that he's produced such a vital work as an octogenarian is amazing enough, but the way this tragedy unfolds without a single false move puts the film among the best work of a very prestigious career.
0.75 This is not classic Sidney Lumet, but it's ample evidence that after more than 40 years working in this business, the director is still capable of crafting an entertaining and thought provoking motion picture.
0.875 Working with the startlingly talented new screenwriter Kelly Masterson, Lumet fuses dark wit, suspense and tragedy into a time-shifting movie that vibrates with energy.
0.6 A tense crime thriller directed by Sidney Lumet that explores the dark side of sibling rivalry.
0.75 Most of Before the Devil Knows You're Dead works so well as a fatalistic, post-Tarantino neo-noir that the last third's attempt to frame the drama as King Lear-level tragedy plays as an unnecessary reach.
0.4 Masterful plotting and fine acting can't make this story any more appetizing.
0.9 A crime drama on par with classics like the Coens' Fargo with intense drama in the vein of Todd Field's In the Bedroom.
