0.4 Lessons on mastering the sexy #selfie are among the few delights in Women Who Flirt. That makes this energetic but derivative Chinese rom-com about as functional as a BuzzFeed list.
0.625 If its payoff is predictably drippy, the movie quickly regains its comic mojo with a credit-sequence parody of a '90s Hollywood romance.
0.9 Director Julien Duvivier took the conventional mix of love and bullets and made it into dark poetry.
0.86 Captures the vibrancy of colonial Northern Africa with intimate sensual detail
1.0 am most amazed at how well it has survived the test of time.
1.0 the film that made consummate French actor Jean Gabin a star
0.8 You have to like a movie that was the true inspiration to that famous animated skunk Pepe le Pew.
0.875 An irresistibly entertaining drama of dreamy, doom-laden romantic fatalism, a vividly atmospheric film noir years before noir was cool.
1.0 The French original has it all over on the Hollywood version in the way it conveys atmosphere.
0.875 Retains its power to amuse and enthrall 65 years after its debut.
1.0 Pepe le Moko, made in 1937, begins with that tinny, swooning French soundtrack music that conjures up European movies before the war, but it isn't until a few minutes later that you realize you're in for something special.
1.0 Excitingly filmed with North African footage mixed with superb sets.
1.0 A timeless romantic thriller that steeps us in one of those great artificial movie worlds that become more overpowering than reality itself.
1.0 Beautifully crafted, movingly acted, still involving and entertaining, this is just the kind of film people are talking about when they say they don't make them like this anymore.
1.0 One of the most purely enjoyable films ever made.
0.5 Here's yet another animated feature from Disney's mostly barren stretch between its two golden ages, a film that plays better in nostalgia-tinged memories than in the here-and-now.
0.75 Disney's grandniece recently cast aspersions on the picture, but I don't share her pessimism.
0.75 [Blu-ray Review] Looking and sounding like a million bucks (or more) and full of exhaustive bonus content new and vintage, the Blu-ray release of "The Jungle Book" is a must-own for anyone who loves animation, the Walt Disney studio, or film in general.
0.7 Every one of the bunch is memorable, and each plays gracefully into the action of the film.
0.7 Disney had perhaps the clearest vision of any creative talent in Hollywood, and 'The Jungle Book' is the last project with which he was personally involved. Though he died before it hit theaters, he would have been proud of the final cut.
0.5 ...a sporadically entertaining yet hopelessly uneven bit of animated filmmaking.
1.0 Jaunty animation meets jazzy songs in Disney classic.
0.6 By far the most contemporary in expression and attitude of any Disney animated feature to that time.
0.875 A witty animated feature from Disney based on the famous Rudyard Kipling stories.
1.0 It's a slight tale, of course, and incredibly short, but the characters and songs are pretty much perfect viewing time and again.
1.0 Ridiculously entertaining.
0.625 The literally last-minute stab at domestic foreplay is simply unbelievable, but Baloo's lip-licking post-mortem ("I still think he'd a made one swell bear") is what sticks.
0.8 Reflects a conservative, imperialist, 'don't mix the races/species' worldview. Yet it's also about friendship and truthfulness, and it's just plain fun.
0.8 The roughness around the edges of The Jungle Book are part of what makes it such a classic.
0.7 ...the characters, music, and animation more than make up for any shortcomings, and the result is pleasant entertainment for everyone.
0.8 Fun characters, irresistible songs -- a Disney classic.
0.6 Pretty good, but not great later Disney effort.
0.6 I'll never get that "Bear Necessities" song out of my head, ever. I guess that's a testament to the movie.
0.8 The Jungle Book isn't without its rough spots, but on the whole it's fully deserving of its place in the Disney canon.
0.6 The background animation is embarrassing, but the songs are fun.
0.625 ..an uneven episode in the Disney legacy, without much shape and substance beyond the concept of jumping from one scene to the next in order to get to the next musical number.
0.8 The Jungle Book is fun, cheerful animation; high on hummable songs and comedy; and low on scary moments.
0.875 Production and direction wise, Wilder sustains his usual excellence. But his story is controversial and I am not one of those who can quite see The Apartment as the great comedy-drama he evidently intended it to be.
1.0 From such potentially edgy material Wilder and co-writer IAL Diamond sculpt an unforgettable romance.
0.75 Despite some entertaining moments and a terrific performance by its lead, it's not a perfect film and does have some problems.
1.0 Beautifully written and directed by the great Billy Wilder, bittersweet and heartfelt, this is sheer delight.
1.0 Jack Lemmon and Shirley MacLaine shine as two essentially good souls trapped in a tangle of office politics.
0.6 Wilder has made some truly great movies, but this one is not the masterpiece we thought it was.
0.8 Even over a half-century on, The Apartment remains a biting classic due to its modern romantic sensibilities and Lemmon's commanding, thoroughly charming central performance.
1.0 This really is a film of ever increasing returns.
1.0 No one does the pitchblack flipside of funny like Wilder, and 1960's The Apartment is the darkest he ever made.
0.8 Directed by Wilder with attention to detail and emotional reticence that belie its inherent darkness and melodramatic core, it's lifted considerably by the performances.
0.9 This Oscar-winning Best Picture still has the power and appeal that won audiences over back in 1960.
0.8 The cast brings the film together, showing Lemmon and MacLaine as more than just comedic performers, but also as those who can hold their own with heavier script elements.
0.9 A perfect mix of comedy, drama, and romance, The Apartment showcases writer/director Billy Wilder at the peak of his creative talent.
1.0 A screen gem that attained classic status in about as much time as it takes to comb one's hair.
0.8 With finely judged performances from Jack Lemmon and Shirley MacLaine, it's a great way to spend an evening, and it's something you won't forget about in the morning.
1.0 With tremendous performances by the two leads (Lemmon and Shirley MacLaine), this is yet another "must see" title to be found on Wilder's resume.
0.875 Billy Wilder somehow took a story about infidelity and suicide and made it into a comedy.
0.875 Billy Wilder further enhances his filmic resume with this tender portrayal of a lonely man who may soon get what he deserves. Jack Lemmon is terrific.
1.0 Humanism and cleverness age like fine wine, even if served with spaghetti strained with a tennis racket.
1.0 It's one of the most heartbreaking films I've ever seen.
0.8 A classic comedy, showing Billy Wilder at his cynical best.
0.8 It probably seemed more daring in 1960, but it's still adult entertainment in the best sense of the term.
1.0 Among the funniest films ever to win a Best Picture, this was also risque for its time (and perhaps it is today to some).
1.0 This comedy tells truths about American business and sexual mores as uncomfortable now as they were in 1960.
1.0 Sure it's a bit dated, but that's not the movie's fault. One of Wilder's best films ... and that's saying a whole lot!
1.0 Quite simply one of the finest comic romances ever made.
1.0 There is a melancholy gulf over the holidays between those who have someplace to go, and those who do not. The Apartment is so affecting partly because of that buried reason.
0.68 This cynical study of office politics and sexual mores by Billy Wilder, despite winning 5 Oscars in 1960, doesn't date well.
1.0 Wilder and IAL Diamond's brilliantly witty screenplay has a serious undertow as it savages corporate ethics and conjugal infidelity.
0.3 It's impossible to feel sympathy for any of The Apartment's characters.
1.0 A barbed and occasionally brutal comedy with few illusions about personal or corporate ethics.
0.3 I would be amazed to hear even the most ardent Sparks fan defend it as anything more than rubbish.
0.4 The Best of Me turns into a half-baked dramatic thriller, with violent confrontations, gunfights, plenty of nasty characters and one big scary action scene.
0.4 There's something heavy-handed, even for Sparks, in the telling of the couple's story, particularly when it comes to Dawson's family: they are leering, brutal embodiments of evil who function as handy plot devices.
0.625 A rather typical Nicholas Sparks adaptation...
0.4 The Best Of Me, like all Sparks' work, would rather kill his characters and leave a beautiful corpse than have them continue a real, scarred relationship.
0.5 Dawson is called a "white trash piece of (poo)" by his own daddy, which is rich, because daddy -- a low-rent bayou criminal with a mean dog on a chain, a shanty tramp on his lap and jet-black dye on his hair -- actually is a white trash piece of (poo).
0.4 Welcome the latest Nicholas Sparks adaptation: always the same, always a bit different (but mostly the same).
0.6 You can sneer, but I don't care - the heart wants what it will, and my heart wants Sparks. So there.
0.3 Like a hack tunesmith that keeps rewriting the same melodies over and over again, hoping his legion of fans don't notice the ruse, we've heard this Sparks song before.
0.4 The film is a huge letdown due to the script. The third act is so much a nonsensical head scratcher that it takes away the alluring romance fans wanted to walk away with.
0.2 The Best of Me is quite possibly the worst Nicholas Sparks adaptation ever committed to film.
0.2 The worst Nicholas Sparks film of the nine based on his novels, this is the epitome of disingenuous, manufactured and manipulative. The salt on the wound of an already bleeding heart is that the young adults outshine our artificial "A"-list lovebirds.
0.25 "I never thought a movie would make me long for the gritty realism of 'The Notebook.'"
0.4 Weepy Nicholas Sparks melodrama is cliche-ridden, violent.
0.75 A syrupy, sentimental soap opera tailor-made for fans of the Nicholas Sparks franchise.
0.4 It's a very silly film.
0.4 Bad boy meets good girl, families get in the way and tragedy follows before the emotionally-contrived ending.
0.25 The sunlight is golden, the accent's rural (this one's set in Louisiana), people die, sagacious letters are read aloud.
0.4 By the standards of other Sparks productions, this is buoyed up well enough by the cast to float along, and everyone's making the best of a fairly blah job.
0.5 At a certain point ... the coincidences and tragic incidents start to pile up at a startling rate and nothing can be taken seriously.
0.2 I don't know much about Nicholas Sparks novels but do know movies based on them. They pretty much suck. What makes this one different is sucking at a higher level.
0.4 There's a fine line separating a film that puts its own spin on a proven formula and one that becomes a caricature of itself. The Best of Me treads all over that line.
0.2 Predictability is The Best of Me's greatest sin. The screenplay might has well have been a game of Mad Libs, where plot devices are lifted straight out of previous Sparks books and shoehorned into this bland narrative.
0.2 Cynical and lazy, The Best of Me feels as if it's assembled from parts of other, better weepies.
0.375 Interminably long, dragging out its molasses heart through what seem like three different endings.
0.625 The Best of Me isn't too bad for the majority of its time-crossing story, which means the movie is better than the majority of movies based upon Sparks' work.
0.4 As the drama unfolds the ludicrousness of J Mills Goodloe and Will Fetters's script intensifies and the dramatic punches are more liable to provoke howls of laughter than tears of sadness.
0.5 "The Best of Me" is content to remain a by-the-numbers excursion into tough-to-swallow soap opera theatrics. At this point, even Nicholas Sparks himself should know better.
0.3 Like traditional pornography, The Best of Me has no purpose other than to get a specific reaction...
0.625 We've seen this story told in similar fashion so many times in the past. I only wish we could have had it delivered in a fresher, less cliche-filled package.
0.2 Much of the dialogue for this terminally mawkish tearjerker sounds as if it has been taken directly from a Dolly Parton or Whitney Houston song.
0.375 The latest gaseous emission from the Sparks melodrama machine.
0.25 Even permitting that the movie's setup counts almost by default as one of Nicholas Sparks's more complicated scenarios, that makes his failure to draw up compelling, flawed, human characters all the more conspicuous.
0.375 Isn't fate a funny thing? Especially when Nicholas Sparks makes it up.
0.5 The Best of Me is not the worst adaptation of Nicholas Sparks, but audiences can certainly choose better.
0.4 It has a perverse integrity, playing every winsome stare and I'm-gonna-take-my-shirt-off moment with total sincerity.
0.3 A love story about as moving and genuine as a ballad crooned by a studio-manufactured boy band.
0.2 Sinks like a rock thrown into a sun-dappled lake shaded by magnolia trees sparkling under a sky of shooting stars.
0.2 The sugar content of this film is so horrendously high, it could be available on the NHS for hypoglycaemia.
0.4 Corny, dumb and predictable and rife with cliches, it's Dawson's Crap.
0.25 The actors are appealing enough and Hoffman's direction calm enough to qualify "Best" as better than its predecessors. That's rather like calling it the tallest midget, however ...
0.3 "The Best of Me" to actual romance what pro wrestling is to actual sports: A loud, overdone mix of sweaty clinches and implausible events leading to a conclusion you knew well before the start, never mind before the end.
0.25 Sparks would be delighted if this movie were compared to his other story about reunited lovers, but compared to "The Notebook," "The Best of Me" is the coffee-stained outline of a sales pitch for sleeping pills.
0.375 The Best of Me contains the nucleus of an inventive short story with a kicker finale. But stretched over 119 long minutes and directed with snapless flair by Hoffman, this tale of second chances becomes a wearying parade of sparkless Sparks.
0.5 Like the artificially sweetened junk food it is, this all goes down pretty easily.
0.25 Whether it's worth the price of a ticket is measured by your tolerance for treacly romance.
0.1 Already hobbled by an overwrought story that turns positively Hallmark-Movie-preposterous in its third act, journeyman director Michael Hoffman can't conceive of a single memorable set-piece or rouse his actors into action.
0.375 Corn on the bayou.
0.375 Monaghan and Marsden swim against the torpid tide of tripe that is Nicholas Sparks, and eventually give up and sink beneath it.
0.4 The conviction of the leads saves this from being a total stinker, although an ending of industrial strength stupidity places it a mere whisker away.
0.4 The Best of Me doubles down on the fawning. Both Luke Bracey and James Marsden whip off their shirts, strut their abs and perform intensive gardening, taking hand and shovel to fertile soil while sweating in the glistening Southern sunset.
0.6 As misguided and overemotional as a drunk high-school production of 'Romeo and Juliet', and just as weirdly, unintentionally entertaining.
0.2 The most vexing, and detrimental aspect to this picture, is the laughable choice of casting for the younger Dawson Cole.
0.7 Presented in an endearingly straightforward fashion and features a handful of performances that manage to elevate the familiarity into something capably entertaining.
0.5 As far as dystopian young-adult fare goes, 'Insurgent' is average.
0.75 Fresh characters include antipodal substitute mother figures for the newly orphaned Tris -- namely, a huggable agragrian played by Octavia Spencer and a skinny schemer played by Naomi Watts.
0.4 There's not a single frame "wrong" with the movie... but there also isn't anything in the whole of that's even fleetingly entertaining.
0.25 Miraculously, Woodley escapes from this gargantuan slog unscathed, a feat more exciting than any of the travails of Tris Prior.
0.4 Large interior scenes seem designed, propped and photographed less like dystopian drama and more like a Broadway musical---I halfway expected someone to break into a song called "Beyond the Wall."
0.375 Dauntless, Divergent, Erudite, Abnegation, Factionless, Candor. May I add the audience faction, Ennui? If ever a screenplay felt bludgeoned lifeless by a thesaurus, this is it.
0.4 The real problem here lies with the underwritten supporting characters and overabundance of repetitive action sequences.
0.875 After the tepid snore that was the last "Hunger Games" installment, "Insurgent" is muscular, brisk and imaginative - albeit on an emotive teenage level.
0.6 Schwentke cranks up the action enough to keep us distracted, with well-oiled scenes of renegades jumping freight trains, and simulated cliffhangers involving flying fiery buildings offering several edge-of-your-seat moments.
0.5 Insurgent is far too long for the minimal plot it encapsulates, features little in the way of meaningful character development, and is riddled with instances of poorly conceived, contrived developments.
0.4 For a film about standing out, this adaptation of a young adult novel fits its mold too predictably.
0.5 The two-hour effort could benefit from less moping, less violence and especially less fitful dreaming.
0.5 Tris and Four never grow as characters, while Winslet's Jeanine continues to register less as a formidable movie villain and more like that strict teacher you had in 10th grade who always assigned too much homework.
0.5 An angst-riddled, fast-paced sequel - a "Hunger Games" wannabe...
0.5 The action sequences have been ramped up and Insurgent smartly diverges from the book but it's still such a confusing and uninvolving storyline this YA adaptation made me HUNGER for something more. Thank God for Shailene Woodley though.
0.4 still suffers from the same dumbed-down science fiction storytelling and teen angst reliance that we saw in the first film
0.2 It's all a bit of an unengaging muddle, covered over with concrete grunge, clean white labs, and stagy special effects.
0.56 You won't feel like you wasted your money, but you'll probably think of something better you could have spent it on. Like a "Hunger Games" book.
0.4 Put it this way: At the end of this movie, not one significant character is frozen in carbonite.
0.46 The visuals didn't feel realistic enough to engage and overall "Insurgent" is a let down. Unless you're a hard core fan of the novels upon which it's based, I'd wait for cable.
0.3 Another nonsensical young adult film that makes me root for the evil dystopian society against the plucky heroine.
0.6 Insurgent falls short of hitting the bar set by superior YA film adaptations but is a step in the right direction for the Divergent series.
0.6 Insurgent is better than its predecessor and really, for a mildly entertaining action film, Insurgent could have been much worse.
0.5 The dialogue is clunky, and other than Tris the characters are one-dimensional. Moreover, it's all so earnest.
0.4 As a distillation of all that's most ordinary about contemporary young adult science fiction, it could hardly be bettered.
0.4 It was always going to be hard to match the fire-power of The Hunger Games series, but the gap is now huge. If Mockingjay Part 1 resembles a playful, sharp-toothed canine, Insurgent is more like a slug.
0.625 It's often painful to watch accomplished actors struggle through this material, knowing plainly that they are all here because of the financial opportunities this movie provided, rather than its artistic ones.
0.875 As the character embraces her new built-for-action pixie haircut (a holdover from Woodley's role as cancer patient Hazel in "The Fault in Our Stars"), Tris comes into her own as a hero who's both dynamic and sensitive.
0.6 Dystopian sequel ups romance factor; still very violent.
0.4 Ironically teens aren't playing post apocalyptic teen angst trauma characters in this teen angst trauma post apocalyptic, pathetic, practically pointless movie.
0.5 Insurgent stubbornly fails to surge.
0.5 It's better than the first one, but I thought the first one kinda stunk, so don't take that statement as too much of a compliment.
0.5 Most of the best stuff is saved for Insurgent's last half-hour, in which the movie goes "lysergic," as on an acid trip.
0.6 Much like the last film, the dialogue and the action suffer from a keen sense of lifelessness.
0.625 Unlike Divergent, which required pages of premise-establishing exposition, Insurgent is more purely action-centric, as the hunters hunt and the hunted flee through the trees, hopping freight trains, trying to elude capture.
0.5 Thankfully there's a lot more action in the latest instalment of the Divergent saga, which is great news because it means fewer slow spots during which you can mull over all the holes in both the story and concept of this hyped up teens-vs-adults dross.
0.625 Compelling in spite of its commonplace premise and themes. Wanting to see where Tris goes from here&#151;and how Shailene Woodley will continue to imbue her with life&#151;is more than enough incentive to keep watching.
0.5 [L]et's be clear: This is only slightly better than the last movie, with 'slightly' being the key.
0.4 Fans of the source material may still be eager for the next chapter but for casual viewers this is a disappointingly bland sequel.
0.6 The first Divergent instalment proved a bit dull whereas this one is enlivened by some first-rate special effects.
0.375 This second installment, based on Veronica Roth's series of YA novels, feels cobbled together and less focused than 2014's Divergent, and lacks tension and excitement.
0.4 When the drama boils down to a duel between Jeanine and Tris, there's a spark. Otherwise, it's a plodding letdown.
0.6 It least Insurgent has very lively performances from Woodley as the action heroine, James as her square-jawed beau, Ansel Elgort as her detached brother Caleb and Miles Teller (from Whiplash) as the Iago-like Peter.
0.5 It's impressive how the likes of Winslet, Spencer and Watts can spout their required gobbledygook and still maintain conviction.
0.625 Insurgent has more action than last year's debut film, which was modestly titled just Divergent. Action is what you want in a picture such as this, especially when you don't really have a lot on your mind.
0.625 It's a sequel that sticks to more routine territory of action, angst, and dystopian gloom - mostly a sound approach, thanks to the consistent strength of franchise lead Shailene Woodley and a mix of intended and inadvertent surprises.
0.375 There's suspension of disbelief and then there's what the Divergent movies require, which is a total rejection of the most basic concepts of humanity.
0.625 Woodley tries to emote a lot with her expressive eyes, but overall the film feels cold. Schwentke struggles to decide if "Insurgent" is more action or more YA and winds up doing neither genre much justice.
0.4 Maybe you had to read the book?
0.4 less interesting than exasperating
0.6 The first film was impossible to take seriously and that is still the case for the sequel. But it's less of a chore.
0.625 Watch out Katniss, your competition is hard as nails.
0.6 A dystopian drama that salutes the heroism and compassion of a gifted young woman.
0.54 The performances are fine. Everyone is solid, though they're not asked to do too much.
0.5 A trio of screenwriters (Brian Duffield, Akiva Goldsman and Mark Bomback) whisks us from one event to the next without providing the necessary details to support actions.
0.875 Smart, Slick and Superior to its predecessor.
0.5 It speeds past intricate intrigues and sketchy characterizations, moving like a sleek roller-coaster ride, free from clunky exposition.
0.625 Along the way, Tris has repeated nightmares about events from the last film she'd rather forget. I know how she feels.
0.6 Luckily for "Insurgent," Shailene Woodley is on board for the duration.
0.0 Were it not for the five lines of recognizably human dialogue spoken by Miles Teller, this whole thing would implode into a black hole.
0.625 Although Woodley is adequate at emoting - Tris being something of a basket case of guilt, self-loathing and teenage hormones - many of the other characters here are, by definition, one-dimensional.
0.5 "Insurgent" would be a much worse movie if the good parts were all at the beginning. But they are saved for the end, and they leave the viewer with a feeling of, "Well, that was OK," even though most of it wasn't.
0.75 If you've seen "Divergent," this builds on it nicely.
0.5 Fans of the first will love it. All others need not apply.
0.5 Even if you're curious about it, the movie is often plodding and frequently nonsensical, with action that never feels novel or exciting.
0.2 It delves even deeper into the poorly considered mythology, building action beats and moments of tension around a conceit that puts easy allegory ahead of logic or coherence.
0.4 Insurgent does get a few things right along the way, [but] they're completely overshadowed by the general dullness of the rest of the movie.
0.7 A sharp improvement on the original, this second entry in The Divergent Series has a much stronger sense of its premise and characters...
0.5 "Will someone please tell me what's going on?" Tris cries at one point, and she could be speaking for the audience as the plot becomes ever more muddled.
0.625 The cast still shines, but this mid-franchise movie is mostly spinning its wheels.
0.4 It scooped up the right star and it knows it; the film treats Woodley like a get-out-of-jail-free card for all its transgressions and fits of crappiness.
0.625 Woodley herself almost singlehandedly saves these films from being just another overwrought dystopian nightmare.
0.75 Puts the urgent in Insurgent.
0.5 Jumps headfirst into the mythology of the franchise, so that the only way to have fun is to become truly invested. Which would be fine if the story were intriguing enough to bother.
0.5 Insurgent is often more exciting and more eye-catching than its predecessor. Too bad its characters aren't any more interesting.
0.7 Insurgent succeeds because it doesn't bother explaining a darn thing.
0.5 A Little Golden Book version of drastically simplified socialism accompanied with a healthy dose of warmongering bravado.
0.625 The actors are more or less saving this franchise's bacon.
0.5 Of the featured cast, only Woodley really achieves any lasting impact in this episode, although the ham-fisted writing sometimes leaves her a little too exposed.
0.25 Practically everyone you're watching seems to be wishing they were somewhere else. So you might want to take the hint.
0.4 There's also not much in the way of lightness or humour in these kinds of films.
0.375 Long and violent but lacking narrative momentum, Insurgent is an inferior sequel to the already mediocre Divergent.
0.875 While I enjoyed the first Divergent movie, I did find Insurgent to be a better cinematic romp.
0.5 Trainloads of action abound (literally), but it's essentially generic combat. Punch, point, shoot, kill, get out of the way in the nick of time depending on your billing in the closing credits.
0.625 While the ending is meant to build up anticipation for the inevitable parts three and four, it plays as mostly resolved; you don't walk out of the theater thinking, I can't wait til the next one.
0.3 The only uprising that the regressive, repetitive and recycled Insurgent could ever incite might be in its viewers, rising up out of their seats and making a beeline for the theater doors.
0.75 That's a lot of back story to wade through and at times the expository world-building weighs heavy here too. But in "Insurgent," twists and developments bulk up the story and help further define the characters.
0.35 School is out forever in the Divergent series. And honestly, after all that set up, I don't know that this world is worth saving.
0.2 Woodley, great in "The Spectacular Now" and "The Fault in Our Stars," is a humdrum action star. Her amiable yet laid-back style turns the film's key moments from do-or-die into OK-whatever.
0.4 The plot makes zero sense and Shailene Woodley's on-screen chemistry with scowling hunk Four (Theo James) is non-existent.
0.6 The second chapter of the Divergent series is moderately engaging, but it's clear the impact of the franchise is inevitably deteriorating.
0.5 The finale, at least, gives one hope that this series will finally diverge from its YA "Hunger Games" formula in the next film.
0.4 Maybe that's why signing up for this sound-a-like saga was secretly a smart move [for Woodley]. When you're watching Insurgent, trying to quell the boredom, all you can think about is how much better Shailene is than the movie around her.
0.6 Once you swallow the giant pill that is the premise, it just about makes sense, and Woodley sells it with all her conviction.
0.4 Those who found Divergent one young adult dystopia too far will find little in Robert Schwentke's sequel to lessen bewilderment.
0.75 A rising young star exhibits an impressive acting range in a physically as well as emotionally-demanding role promising to do for her what The Hunger Games did for Jennifer Lawrence.
0.4 Teenage kicks are in short supply in the preposterous second instalment of Veronica Roth's derivative Young Adult series.
0.6 It's getting hard to feel empathetic for people who live in future dystopian societies. Oh, boo hoo, your peaceful government collapsed and ... you are grouped by how handy you happen to be at some particular task. You know, we all have problems.
0.4 "I know this doesn't make any sense," breathes Tris Prior during Insurgent's flamboyantly muddled finale, "but you have to trust me." You could hardly ask for a more honest line of dialogue than that.
0.4 Despite its earnest tone and unremittingly solemn performances, the entire movie feels like a simulation, devoid of lifelike detail or tangible dramatic stakes.
0.4 This second Divergent entry is a more propulsive and action-centric outing, but it turns star Shailene Woodley into a passive observer in her own adventure.
0.4 Middle films in movie franchises run the risk of being devoid of closure and linearity, and it's that inconclusive nature to Robert Schwentke's Insurgent that proves to be its greatest misgiving.
0.875 Jekyll's tragedy in this unique Stevenson revamp is that he doesn't understand that much of humanity already lives a Jekyll-and-Hyde existence -- including his unfaithful bride, who is a 'perfect wife' by day and a 'perfect mistress' by night.
0.8 Excellent to watch and discuss as a family.
0.6 The movie's story is a sometimes clumsy but gradually involving coming-of-age story about courage, sexism, past customs vs. contemporary social values and a community and family at odds within themselves.
0.875 "Whale Rider" is a mystical, gentle movie that goes beyond the boundaries of the usual coming-of-age film.
0.4 I can honestly say that there is not a single plot point or character arc depicted here that I have not seen a thousand times before.
0.7 I was captivated and had intermittent tears in my eyes throughout this touching tale, although I would have ended it differently.
1.0 Encapsulates the grace and beauty of international cinema.
0.875 The key to "Whale Rider's" appeal is that the film doesn't force an opinion upon its viewers
0.875 'Niki Caro's striking visual images match her elegant, understated prose creating an uplifting story.'
0.8 Like a breath of fresh South Pacific air, director Caro combines classic themes with a little-seen cultural perspective to come up with an uplifting crowd-pleaser.
0.6 Simpatico e bem-humorado, o filme e imensamente beneficiado pela brilhante atuacao de sua jovem protagonista, Keisha Castle-Hughes.
0.5 Caro seems less concerned with evoking the economic or socio-political baggage bringing the film's characters down than she is with telling the same sappy tale of patriarchal perseverance we've seen so many times before.
0.2 There's nothing wrong with a formula film per se, but when it's done as shallowly as here, I feel insulted.
0.7 More rich and substantive than "Bend It Like Beckham."
0.75 The first 2/3rds are artfully, soulfully crafted with heart, family, tradition and real humor.
1.0 A wonderful, uplifting film about the healing power of communal growth and adaptation.
1.0 It's a subtle film with tracings of an art-house quality but-perhaps because the film is examining the old Maori legend-it becomes the perfect allegory for a young audience.
1.0 What can revitalize a broken spirit? The answer lies in the film's lyrical finale, which is dazzlingly staged, and in the exquisite, irresistible 13-year-old Castle-Hughes, whose natural, unfussy performance is something to treasure.
0.75 It's a pretty obvious triumph-over-the-odds story -- a Maori Karate Kid at a deliberate pace -- but Hughes is terrific.
0.875 An emotionally potent combination of somber reality and soaring mythology, Whale Rider pulls at you with the power of both elements in a story that is freshly identifiable.
0.6 Beautifully shot, well-acted but still slightly disappointing drama, less the fault of the actors than of their scripted characters.
0.8 Wonderful New Zealand film about a Maori girl's battle to fulfil her destiny.
0.7 The spectacular New Zealand setting makes the perfect backdrop for the movie's blend of realism and fantasy.
1.0 A truly inspiring film.
1.0 Heartwarming and uplifting.
0.8 A worthy film (probably more so for young viewers), and one with a brilliant, deeply interfused sense of place; yet it only fitfully engaged me on a dramatic level.
1.0 Whale Rider is, in a word: Nourishment.
0.8 There is a mythic quality to the story.
0.375 An excellent first performance can't balance naive writing and direction
0.8 Every bit as bold and uplifting as its title suggests.
0.9 Beautiful Keisha Castle-Hughes is a spunky young charmer with a gravity reminiscent of Anna Paquin.
0.75 Stripped of its exotic cultural context and New Zealand setting, it wouldn't differ much from an inspirational TV movie...
0.75 Though Whale Rider moves at a snails pace, it generally remains interesting mostly because we're seeing a culture that's so different from our own.
0.875 Poignant, intelligent, courageous and informative, Caro's lyrical exposition dares to take on the imagination of children and their adult counterparts and whisk them away in a somber storytelling mood that's culturally compelling.
0.8 A pitch-perfect example of how to craft a personally resonant film that speaks to all cultures at all times.
0.875 If you know a smart, spirited 12-year-old girl, take her to Whale Rider. Come to think of it, take everyone you know.
0.5 [The story] is so simple that the audience gets ahead of it from the beginning.
0.8 The movie is more satisfying as myth than narrative.
0.6 The film is closer to a feminist tract. And, like all propaganda, it wants to do all of your thinking for you.
0.625 A story that J.K. Rowling fans young and old will savor.
0.75 For a better look at the sexism behind ancestral traditions, try Iranian filmmaker Jafar Panahi's masterpiece The Circle. But this easier-to-take film has an intoxication all its own.
0.75 There is magic here, enough to make Whale Rider worthy of the audience-choice awards it has earned at film festivals worldwide.
0.75 A whopping good yarn.
0.875 Whale Rider is one of those book-me -a-ticket yesterday movies.
0.875 Whale Rider is one of those tales with such universal appeal that you can practically see Hollywood executives rubbing their hands together as they prepare to remake it -- and mess it up royally.
0.9 A delightful surprise. A wonderful and stirring crowd-pleaser.
0.875 Caro manages the neat trick of making a movie universal in its emotions and unique in its setting.
0.6 Refuses to get its toes wet, instead retreating into goody-goody fantasy.
0.625 It's best that we don't consider what might become of Pai if this poor, unloved girl didn't happen to be the chosen one.
0.9 The most magical film since Amelie, and it's the greatest fable since The Secret of Roan Inish.
0.7 It's an engaging, well told and moving tale.
0.625 Castle-Hughes ... combines tribal pride and modern feminism, with gentle strength and the 'natural' talent some children possess.
0.875 Features one of the finest child performances in years.
0.75 At its transporting best, Whale Rider seesaws between archetype and innocence -- it's a re-founding myth that happens in real time, before an audience's wondering eyes.
0.875 Has the feel of a great and rare children's movie.
1.0 The genius of the movie is the way is sidesteps all of the obvious cliches of the underlying story and makes itself fresh, observant, tough and genuinely moving.
0.875 It's spiritual, inspiring and features a child character of extraordinary grace and inner beauty.
0.75 An enchanting, mystical ending redeems this otherwise familiar story of contemporary society clashing with traditional culture.
1.0 An epic for the family, one that celebrates the inner strength of girls without becoming strident.
0.875 It rises from the sea on a convulsive wave of emotion but subsides slowly from the heart.
0.875 The rhythms of Whale Rider are hypnotic as the ebb tide, haunting as the song of the humpback sea mammal, bracing as the ocean spray.
0.875 A true crowd-pleaser that never panders to achieve its effects.
0.8 It's a simple & poetic story of legend a& inevitable change to maintain traditions, but what really makes the film worth seeing is Keisha Castle-Hughes.
0.7 [Keisha Castle-Hughes] makes believable a character that, frankly, was written to be flawless.
1.0 Pai's unflagging spirit in the face of staggering personal hardship (and infuriating chauvinism) resonates with eloquent inspiration.
0.8 It's a film about gender empowerment in which the struggle between the sexes isn't reduced to crude stereotypes, and the lessons learned come honestly and with a sense of genuine revelation.
0.875 A lyrical coming-of-age story that casts a potent spell.
0.875 An exquisitely crafted and enchanting film that tiptoes gently between stark family drama and magic realism.
0.8 Visually enchanting, Whale Rider is an engrossing story brought to life through very strong performances.
0.75 In one of this year's most memorable performances, wonderfully likable newcomer Keisha Castle-Hughes dazzles the screen.
0.75 Despite their age difference -- one so venerable, the other so callow -- [Paratene and Castle-Hughes] both exude an intrinsic majesty that the camera adores.
0.75 Pai is resourceful and in harmony with the natural world in a way that will charm and enthrall young viewers.
0.75 This correct-thinking audience favorite of the film festival circuit manages to work its girl empowerment, indigenous dignity and green mystical themes into a pat but still strongly felt study of family conflict.
1.0 Whale Rider is made up of one incredible moment after another and Keisha Castle-Hughes has a screen presence that demands your attention.
0.8 Film-festival favorite mixes family, tradition and modern concerns for a drama that earns the good feeling you leave with.
0.75 Director Niki Caro has created an alternative piece of family viewing amidst all the wizards and adolescent secret agents out to save the world.
0.75 A contemporary version of an aboriginal legend from New Zealand that should delight audiences of all ages.
0.8 Once the picture kicks into gear, it has the inspiring resonance of found art.
0.875 Caro gives the fablesque story -- based on a 1,000-year-old Maori legend -- both a contemporary and timeless quality, anchored by newcomer Castle-Hughes' powerful and haunting performance.
0.8 What makes Caro's film a future classic is what so many movies geared toward younger audiences lack: a cool and very courageous 'tween heroine whom boys and girls of all ages can admire.
0.9 When the words 'Dedicated to those who came before' appear on screen at the close, you can almost feel all those ancestors joining modern audiences in applauding what has been accomplished here.
0.5 A portentous coming-of-age saga that weighs as much as the venerated ocean mammals at its center.
0.875 Castle-Hughes is a star in in the making. She and her movie are worth cheering for.
1.0 An enchanting, deeply spiritual, and ultimately enthralling New Zealand movie about the struggle of one ardent young Maori girl to fulfill her destiny.
0.875 There is an indescribable power to the film that springs from firelight--what we've lost in modernity as orphans to our collective past.
0.75 The story itself is richly rewarding and uplifting -- the coming-of-age tale of a girl who must defy the odds to achieve her goals.
0.375 [It] tries for a somber tone that it can't maintain, partly because the cute protagonist conveys no gravity and partly because it's too frequently going for laughs or stupid melodramatic crises.
0.75 Niki Caro's brisk direction, the bracing otherness of the coastal New Zealand landscape, and the fantastic performances of a wonderful cast . . . also up the freshness factor here.
0.6 . More than a story of a girl rejected because she wasn't born a boy, Whale Rider challenges traditional gender roles in a circle of life drama that begins with a birth and ends with a re-birth. .
0.6 Messages aside, time with this little girl and her brethren is well spent.
0.8 This film is so stunningly beautiful to look at--and such an uplifting story--that you can understand why it has won so many audience awards at festivals all over the world.
0.8 An exquisite film that sensitively captures the noble spirit of [the New Zealanders] -- and their humor.
0.2 For those still in possession of their wits, this film is not only the worst of the Twilight flicks so far, but just about the most melodramatic and insipid movie I've ever watched.
0.375 The worst film in the "saga." Utter camp.
0.25 These movies have become one big joke, with hokey acting, slapdash visuals and Kindergarten dialogue. It felt like such a parody that it might as well have been directed by those jerks who made DISASTER MOVIE and EPIC MOVIE.
0.4 Breaking Dawn - Part 1 transfers pivotal events from the source material to the screen but fails to translate those events into a competent two-hour movie experience.
0.375 This film was made for the fans as they're going to be the only ones able to appreciate it, despite it not having any redeeming qualities whatsoever.
0.6 As a movie, this isn't terrible; none of them have been, really. Each film has gotten a director who has tried to do something simple and honest with Meyer's tormented material.
0.5 If I can say anything for the film, it's that it delivers exactly what the legions of Twi-hards want and expect--or what 'Team Edward' wants, anyway.
0.4 Terribly broken.
0.5 Bill Condon gives the series' fans what they have shown they want: uneven storytelling, maudlin dialog and decidedly one-note performances.
0.5 Whatever momentum the third film had in this series, it's gone. Once again, it's an average soap opera.
0.4 For a movie about life-sucking vampires and flesh-ripping werewolves, there sure is an inordinate focus on the birds and the bees.
0.4 Director Bill Condon, prostituting himself, flirts with teen porn ...
0.5 At least Jacob seems to understand the contradiction inherent in the insistence that coldblooded undeath is just another lifestyle choice.
0.5 drags along too slowly to give it much impact and instead engenders little more than impatience
0.75 Dawnfinally gives viewers something to sink their teeth into.
0.2 Screenwriter Melissa Rosenberg continues her long tradition of scripting staggeringly banal, subtext-free dialogue and grasping at the profundity of her betters by quoting poetry in the prologues.
0.1 Twilight series dims - non fans stay away
0.45 Almost sort of liked it.
0.375 Tedious and toothless and feels at numerous moments more like a Saturday Night Live spoof that a proper continuation of the series.&#8233;
0.2 Bella e a candidata ideal a uma arrasadora depressao pos-parto. Mas com um marido sexualmente ambiguo e um melhor amigo pedofilo, quem nao seria?
0.5 There's less cringeworthy dialogue and Condon does a better job visually telling the story, but it's hard to make a riveting two-hour film when the main conflict seems completely arbitrary.
0.5 Condon can only do so much with the material at hand -- especially in this case, where maybe an hour of plot is stretched out to 117 minutes.
0.4 Breaking Dawn starts to confirm my theory that Twilight is just a tamer version of The Story of O.
0.636363636364 They have saved the best for last. This movie is totally romantic and its three leads are at their best. This will delight 'Twilight' fans and bring in new converts.
0.4 It's precisely three shots in that Taylor Lautner takes his shirt off, if that's your thing, and in all honesty I don't suppose that there can possibly be a more legitimate reason to see the movie.
0.5 Put a stake in this franchise.
0.6 Banal, bloodsipping installment to this far-fetched fantasy.
0.6 The storyline reached a new depth and is everything every fan will desire.
0.25 A wolf council with dubbed growls may be the most ludicrous scene of the year, but a rumble with chic vampires punching CGI werewolves comes close.
0.25 Suggested solely for Twilight diehards, this underwhelming, unfunny melodrama amounts to little more than an uneventful setup for next year's grand finale.
0.4 Yet another rather odd and protracted stepping stone to the ultimate finale ... it's a done deal for Meyer and co who are laughing all the way to the bank.
0.3 The occasionally amusing Twilight Saga finds a new low with the dramatically inert, painfully dull Breaking Dawn Part 1.
0.75 The most engaging Twilight movie yet.
0.4 A boring mess that exists only to milk the fans that made the series a success, but is so unsexy and just plain weird that even the most devoted Twihards stand to be disappointed or grossed out, or possibly, both.
0.6 Color us stoked that a Twilight movie even strays into evil-fetus territory.
0.6 In director Bill Condon's skilled hands, this instalment proves more intimate, confining its action to kids in rooms wrestling with the consequences of their own crushes.
0.75 ...as far as shameless cash-grabs go, Breaking Dawn: Part 1 is far easier to stomach than certain other franchise-extending installments (eg the Star Wars prequels).
0.2 th diarkeia ths tainias apoteloyn paratetamena solarismata dianohtikhs kathysterhshs, kai paratetamena solarismata egkefalikhs dyskoiliothtas
0.4 If you're on neither Team Edward nor Team Jacob, however, nothing in 'Breaking Dawn' will win you over.
0.2 The action sequences are ludicrous, the werewolves mostly just bounding, then bounding again, while the vampire trick of just moving ever so fast soon becomes just ever so tiresome.
0.6 I do wonder if seeing Bella turn into a near anorexic with a face that's bordering on Gollum might have subliminal implications for some vulnerable teenage girls.
0.6 Darker, sexier, sharper - a neat next step.
0.4 Let's hope they can wrap everything up with a better film than this one.
0.625 Critiques really have no weight when it comes to films like this. The haters are gonna hate, the fans are gonna love, and everyone else will check the movie listings and their own wallets before deciding if this is the best option for a night on the town.
0.75 The fourth book is so expansive that the filmmakers made the right call in splitting it into two parts. Stewart, Pattinson & Lautner have come to be genuine embodiments of the three major characters. The pacing is spot on with a...
0.7 A surprisingly entertaining romp.
0.2 Breaking Dawn Part 1 is such a slow-moving, overstuffed chore of a movie, it is barely even worth calling a "bridging film." All you do is wait and wait and wait.
0.4 Throughout the series, Meyer's lurid take on teenage passion has shone through as one of the ugliest and most insidious messages ever sent to its target demographic.
0.2 Is this really what Twilight fans want? Two characters drooling over and on each other for half the movie and not much else?
0.4 The bloated franchise's worst film without question, the fourth "Twilight" popcorn flick is a futile exercise on the disappointment of anti-climactic waiting. It doesn't sparkle or shine. It flickers, and then disappointingly dies.
0.1 There's plenty of stupidity... from talking wolves and geisha-like vampire make-up to the most uncomfortable newborn baby moment this side of A Serbian Film.
0.5 It is very focused on the idea of Not Pissing Off The Fans By Getting It Wrong. As a relative outsider, I found that this mentality sucked all the life out of the film.
0.3 Honestly, you can sneak into the movie an hour-and-a-half in and not miss anything.
0.2 So party on Twi-hards, you have no apologies to make for your love of this pulpy, romantic saga; just don't take it personally when the rest of us decide to party elsewhere.
0.3 ...a bad film, a self-aware one, for sure, but a bad one none-the-less.
0.5 It all goes wrong just when it should go right.
0.5 Melodrama reigns in this supernatural soap opera, even though author Stephanie Meyer's tale takes a decided turn toward the weird and violent.
0.625 If there was ever a franchise that plays like a TV soap opera with a climatic ending that leaves the audience wanting more, it's this one. If you have seen the previous three films, then you go into 'Breaking Dawn - P1,' already hooked in from the start.
0.4 What becomes clear is that while the bisecting of J.K. Rowling's hefty tome was artistically defensible, here, there's no such creative imperative.
0.5 There really is no polishing a Twilight movie, which by design will have to be both silly and terribly boring.
0.2 This latest Twilight is a freakish hybrid: part medical horror, part cheesy Victoria's Secret catalogue shoot.
0.4 This is a well-made film, though sometimes unintentionally funny.
0.6 Sexy honeymoon, disturbing pregnancy dominate latest movie.
0.625 Here's hoping Breaking Dawn Part Two gives us more of what Part One provided in the final 30 minutes than what it forced viewers to endure to get there.
0.4 It's essentially one insufferably long pregnancy sequence sandwiched between a sweet wedding and gruesome birth
0.6 As much of an homage to old timey experimental shlock horror as broad blockbusters can get ... I recommend Twilight virgins see BD1 as a stand-alone work.
0.2 The tagline states, 'Forever is only the beginning ...' After viewing this lifeless pap for mere minutes, we realize that it's not a slogan at all. It's a warning.
0.3 The worst entry in the series thus far, Twilight: Breaking Dawn Part 1 is a toothless vampire film which plays slave to its tween demographic.
0.5 Sappy melodramatics are constantly on full display, the performances are distractingly exaggerated and the dialogue is so ridiculously cheesy it could force Kraft to file for bankruptcy ... yet, for some odd reason, I was kind of entertained.
0.6 The finished product allows the audience to take it as as seriously as it takes itself and/or laugh at its inherently ridiculous retro romance. No matter which side you're on, you wind up winning.
0.5 [It] was supposed to be climactic. Instead, it's the most jumbled and tonally confused movie yet.
0.7 "TBD-1" is smartly directed by Bill Condon ("Gods and Monsters," "Dreamgirls") in a straight forward manner that keeps the film from bogging down in its last act.
0.25 This is the one where things start to get silly.
0.4 The climactic clash between vampires and werewolves is over in a brief flurry of fangs and fur. What little action there is, however, is so poorly staged by new director Bill Condon that you're actually relieved there isn't more.
0.25 One of the glummest, lifeless movies of the year, it is gray and bleak, even when the sun is shining.
0.375 [T]he movie resolves everything of any obvious importance by the end, so, again, what's the point of this story?
0.0 Appalling by pretty much every measure.
0.5 Stretches forty-five minutes of material to two hours in order to satisfy the ignorant two-parter conclusion.
0.4 At this point in the story, the characters can't simply be innocent in order for the plot to work - they have to be naive. Edward Cullen is 120 years old. He has no excuse for being naive.
0.25 Bella shifts from her intended stance of antiheroine to something close to antimatter in The Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn Part 1.
0.6 A stylistic addition to a series about an impossible romance, the power of family and the lengths people will go to in order to fight for what they believe in.
0.6 Shamelessly cheesy, drawn-out and over-the-top as it is, The Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn - Part 1 is big, bombastic popcorn entertainment that knows exactly what the fans want, and delivers it in epic style.
0.0 It's based on a series of truly idiotic novels which, whilst works of an evil marketing genius, are artistic pollutants. Try and avoid getting dragged along to this one.
0.6 Condon is directing Breaking Dawn -- Part 2. Let's hope he realises it is broken and that he does fix it.
0.5 What remains is the total conviction that the ludicrous scenes are dead serious and fiercely meaningful. The result is not quite a laugh a minute, but close.
0.25 The sexless, bloodless, padded and plodding Breaking Dawn, Part 1 is the worst Twilight movie to date.
0.6 Endearingly bizarre, and featuring the usual fan-service in the form of topless hotties running through forests - you just wish it was a slightly better movie, given the Hammer Horror promise of the pregnancy premise.
0.5 Director Bill Condon may have been hampered by the original material, but he does nothing to help it along.
0.625 In several scenes, characters play chess, but the film itself is as complex as "Chutes and Ladders," and just as suspenseful.
0.375 The Twilight Saga hasn't matured along with its heroine. In fact, the latest movie regresses a bit, delivering more filler, less feeling and crummier CGI than last year's Eclipse.
0.6 Breaking Dawn - Part 1 and the upcoming Part 2 were both directed by Dreamgirls' Bill Condon, who keeps the lunacy moving apace.
0.625 Of the four Twilight movies, Breaking Dawn -- Part I has the most going on and the most going for it.
0.4 After the enjoyable previous instalment, to my mind the best in the series, director Bill Condon's film is a step backwards in quality.
0.4 It's all drawn-out and flat (even more so than is typical for the franchise), delivered at a slow, plodding pace that seems designed solely to stretch things out to two hours.
0.75 Fangirls, you have nothing to be ashamed of.
0.7 A satisfying culmination of emotions that have been building in this supernatural fantasy saga as Bella the human and Edward the vampire marry and face a critical decision.
0.625 It's like "Roadhouse" for women. As irresistible as it is ridiculous.
0.5 It makes you wonder if splitting the book in two parts was such a good idea.
0.75 Will Condon's movie convert agnostics to Stephenie Meyer's Twilight cult?
0.6 Sexy, silly, scary and stupid, the movie's tonal balancing act amounts to an Evil Dead for tween romantics.
0.4 It breaks my heart to tell you that "Breaking Dawn" is broken.
0.5 The good news? Now that all of the tedious exposition has been gotten, glacially, out of the way, "Part II" will probably be terrific.
0.75 It's the most imaginative picture in the franchise, and I say that as a fan of the first picture, Catherine Hardwicke's Twilight, an irony-free adolescent romance that took the idea of teenage erotic fantasy seriously.
0.2 easily the worst of the mostly awful Twilight films
0.45 You can't blame a film based on a book for adhering to the book's idiotic storyline. You can, however, blame it for sucking as a movie.
0.5 Breaking Dawn - Part 1 as a whole feels stretched-out, as if the filmmakers realized belatedly that there wasn't enough material in the book to sustain two movies. (There isn't).
0.6 It's all a lot of fun. For some movies you don't need intelligence, you just need faith, gullibility and a state of happy surrender.
0.4 [An] oddly joyless affair centred on an 18-year-old girl voluntarily destroying herself from the inside out, this might work as a standalone horror piece with a stronger directorial hand. As a so-called epic love story, it leaves a bad taste in the mouth.
0.5 The worst part of these movies has always been the moments when those mumbly lovebirds find themselves in a meadow, gazing off into the distance as they dreamily part each other's hair. There's a lot of that sort of moony-eyed action in Breaking Dawn.
0.4 Sex and abortion are the main topics of this installment, which tips between dullness and total camp.
0.7 One is also grateful for the film's finale... which is genuinely brilliant. There, I said it.
0.375 The dialogue is, of course, ridiculous and the acting ranges from stiff to mopey. But moments that should be pulsating with tension are usually hilarious because the special effects are still just so distractingly cheesy.
0.5 The absurdity quotient of the movie begins high and rapidly escalates to bedlam.
0.25 Two things are certain: it is one of the worst movies of the year, and it is going to make an awful lot of money.
0.625 Hands its reigns over to Oscar-winning filmmaker Bill Condon and, not coincidentally, produces the franchise's sturdiest installment.
0.6 As a stand-alone movie it's a mixed bag. But it progresses the story of beloved characters with a reverence for the source material that will doubtlessly please Twi-hards, ushering in a finale that promises to be darker still.
0.375 Lautner, who lasts approximately 8 seconds before tearing off his shirt, suggests more than ever that the casting director mistakenly told him he would be playing a robot.
0.7 The latest and best of the movies about a girl, her vampire and their impossible, ridiculously appealing - yes, I surrendered - love story.
0.4 The acting's better than it's ever been, but with the best will in the world, this can't get past the fact that the story's demented.
0.375 Whenever certain actors take the lead and set the pace of the dialogue, time itself begins to crawl backward and the breaking dawn begins to feel like yesterday's breaking dawn, or last Tuesday's.
0.625 This one draws you close and keeps you there - and, for those of us who haven't read Stephenie Meyer's novel, delivers some surprising turns of plot.
0.6 Though director Bill Condon is new to the series, both he and returning screenwriter Melissa Rosenberg have an excellent grasp of their audience's desires, and are determined to meet them in good faith.
0.3 Pattinson again stands around looking pale and soulful, while Lautner gets to act more, which is maybe not such a good thing.
0.625 Kristen Stewart is really pretty good here, although like almost all actresses she believes pregnant women rub their baby bumps unceasingly.
0.5 "Breaking Dawn'' is the series in its fullest Victorian flower. But with Bill Condon directing, the pacing is all wrong. It's "Pride, Prejudice, and Zombies.''
0.6 As maddeningly uneven as it is, Breaking Dawn boasts some of the strongest moments yet in a largely lackluster franchise.
0.375 Really a half-film, and the boring half at that. Such is the nature of things dubbed "Part 1." It's a film about things that will inevitably happen, but don't until the next, more important part.
0.4 Fails to inject its few key scenes with any life thanks to a woeful script, poor direction and lacklustre performances, though fans of the franchise should be used to that by now.
0.2 A rather good original idea has dwindled into self-parody.
0.5 After all that foreplay, the new Twilight saga is a limp anti-climax.
0.75 The series is finding momentum as it nears its finale.
0.4 The picture sidesteps all opportunities to depict the novel's nuttiness... in an intriguing manner and sands down all the edges to leave us with yet another generic melodrama, in which not a single moment rings true.
0.4 The script is flat, cliched and repetitive ("You did this!" yells Jacob. "I love her!" pleads Edward) - which might not matter necessarily as it wasn't much better in the predecessors.
0.2 The wolves speak with bizarre half-human, half-canine voices that put me in mind of Scooby-Doo.
0.8 The Twilight films manage to cleverly blend melodrama with supernatural thrills, and while the film is not without its silly moments and cringeworthy dialogue it does deliver the drama and emotional highs we have come to expect.
0.2 The vampire drama of Twilight is all about the romantic agony of eternity, and this franchise feels like it's going on for ever.
0.4 Uninspired romcom has some racy scenes, drinking, language.
0.5 [A] Woody Allen-lite comedy ...
0.4 Romantic comedies depend on the sympathies of an audience, but in this scruffy movie actor-filmmaker Simon Helberg (The Big Bang Theory) plays a character so relentlessly naive and self-absorbed that it's impossible to root for him.
0.6 We'll Never Have Paris, a nimble and tangy comedy, sails through most of its fleet runtime without a hitch, only to lose its nerve, slightly, in its final moments.
0.2 The danger in writing, directing, producing and casting yourself in the same movie is that there's no one to pull you back from the cliff.
0.4 A film that neglects the basic requirement that an audience not thoroughly hate its protagonist.
0.4 Too often the flat-lining jokes and botched attempts at emotional sincerity merely enhance the character's pathological nature instead of offsetting it.
1.0 All these funny, frenetic performances make for an enjoyable romp.
0.875 [An] inordinately clever, sprightly romantic comedy.
0.75 A triumph of talent and style over silliness.
0.5 This romantic farce has a talented cast and energy to spare, but somehow the ingredients don't burn as brightly as one would expect from such promising ingredients.
0.875 In addition to Fiennes, who does a star-making job here, and the radiant Paltrow, Shakespeare in Love teems with wonderful performances.
1.0 Taking the writing process behind Shakespeare's Romeo and Juliet as its inspiration, John Madden's follow-up to Mrs Brown combines contemporary humour with a convincing 16th-century setting.
1.0 Shakespeare in Love crackles with the in-jokey brilliance that we associate with the playwright Tom Stoppard.... And you don't have to be a Shakespeare scholar to appreciate this movie's wit and easygoing references to the entertainment world today.
0.8 Entertaining, witty and acutely funny, with the ability to appeal to more than Shakespeare buffs. But for real fans of the Bard, it's a glorious treat that's smart and humorous, with highly appealing performances all round.
1.0 A brilliant and witty script by Tom Stoppard is brought to life by a great cast.
1.0 Wastes no time setting itself up as a rowdy, colloquial piece of popular entertainment -- the furthest thing from a fussy biopic of the Bard.
0.875 Marc Norman and Tom Stoppard have written one of the year's smartest scripts, and Mrs. Brown director John Madden gets a chance to show a funny side that's previously been submerged.
1.0 It is clear that everyone in the film is having a great time with the material, and it is contagious.
0.875 Henslowe may be onto something when he jokes that all audiences want is love and a bit with the dog, but this film delivers much more.
0.875 A sumptuous fictional glimpse into the creative mind of one of history's most brilliant theatrical minds.
0.75 It's the performances which push this to a very high level.
0.875 Shakespeare in Love moves fast, and may deserve multiple viewings. It's a delicious feast of lowbrow and highbrow mixed with romance.
0.7 The greatest enjoyment of the film is for those who are familiar with Shakespeare's plays.
0.875 A tale of infinite jest, of most excellent fancy.
1.0 Shakespeare In Love is funny, tragic, romantic... I love it; should I count the ways?
0.9 Shakespeare in Love is a great date movie; that rarest of 'chick flicks' that all can enjoy. Even crabby cynics.
1.0 This film is very entertaining, and it's the most sophisticated and mature romance of the year.
0.75 Hardly deserving of 13 Oscar nominations and 7 Oscars, this film is nevertheless an entertaining bit of fluff.
0.875 Seems the Bard is badly blocked.
0.8 la pasion como elemento creativo y fundamento para vivir
1.0 This is a joyous and quite brilliant comedy.
0.8 ...it works wonderfully, giving audiences that wouldn't normally sit through an Elizabethan play the chance to understand and be amused by something fairly close.
1.0 Given slight twistings and tweakings for a 1990s audience, this Shakespeare is true to its inspirational muse without taking itself too seriously.
1.0 Shakespeare in Love has to be one of the most irresistible movies I have ever seen.
1.0 One of the many brilliant twists in Shakespeare in Love is how it treats its protagonists' love with both utter sincerity and an ironic wink.
0.75 Shakespeare in Love is not a great film, but it's an excuse to have an evening of pure enjoyment with a little culture painlessly mixed in.
1.0 I was carried along by the wit, the energy and a surprising sweetness.
0.8 A rom-com with added smarts for the literature scholars, which doesn't alienate everyone else.
0.9 The film's humor ranges from the wonderfully intellectual to snarky movie and theater in-jokes, from sight gags to rapid-fire, reference-laden dialogue.
0.88 Takes us out of ourselves, immerses us in another world, introduces us to people we'd love to call friends and tells us a story we can't forget.
1.0 Cheers all around for such an inspired tale about inspiration.
0.875 Not merely a period piece, Shakespeare in Love is the rival of many a modern-day romantic comedy.
1.0 The stars have done their job with devastatingly good aplomb.
0.875 Shakespeare has now finally arrived onscreen... in the right hands -- those of director John Madden and stars Joseph Fiennes and Gwyneth Paltrow.
1.0 The script will sweep you away.
1.0 Shakespeare in Love is one of those great movies, the kind of film that makes me clack away furiously at my keyboard, telling people just how much I loved this movie.
1.0 With glittering shows of erudition and playfulness, Shakespeare in Love mixes history, fiction, comedy and romance to create a pure joy of a movie!
0.8 A frothy romantic comedy that is equally nourished with truisms of historic lore and modern sensibility.
0.9 Easily the best comedy of the year.
1.0 The cast is near perfect.
1.0 A rollicking good time, full of genuine emotional pull and incandescent acting, and anchored by a passionate love for the theatre itself that puts to shame most human liaisons.
0.875 The writing is brilliant; the acting is masterful; the direction is breathtaking; the costumes are beautiful; and every little detail in the film is charming and witty.
1.0 The most deliciously witty film of the year.
0.75 One would have to be a melancholy Dane not to enjoy Shakespeare in Love's ample pleasures.
0.8 Visually elegant.
1.0 If, for the playwright himself, all the world's a stage and all the men and women merely players, then this splendrous new movie gives as much of his world as a simple stage or screen can hold.
1.0 Shakespeare in Love is a wonder to behold, and to cherish.
0.9 A comedy that Shakespeare would truly be proud to have his name in lights above.
0.875 Like any good Shakespearean work, Shakespeare in Love is filled with love, sex, villainy, despair, tears, sword fights, men dressed as women, women dressed as men, buffoonery, ribald humor, intimidating penmanship...and a dog!
0.875 Shakespeare in Love is a luminous, entertaining tale.
0.875 There's more to the film than just making light of Shakespeare's early career.
1.0 At last, a juicy, funny, romantic comedy -- aimed at adults!
0.5 Don't let the hype fool ya, cause this puppy pees just like the rest of them!
0.375 A thin, predictable plot that is only carried by the portrayal of people that we revere in our history books.
0.4 Full of sex and bathroom humor. Not for kids.
0.5 ...doesn't so much try to send up other spy films as it tries to one-up its own predecessor in this second go-round.
0.8 It's gone from being a hip little party to being a big bash where the stars turn out.
0.5 By the end, Spy recycles its own gags, not just ones from the first movie.
0.625 In ways better than the original, 'The Spy Who Shagged Me' is a rehash of the same story with new cast members and new takes on familiar jokes.
0.5 Something of mixed reaction, a movie in which Myers remains an influencing screen presence, but the script doesn't do him justice.
0.5 Packed with gags - some clever, many lame and almost all puerile - the film has too many dead spots between the laughs, and I caught myself checking my watch almost as often as I chuckled.
0.625 Too many scenes end on a flat note!
0.5 Absent are the freshness and spontaneity that characterized the original.
0.5 When a satirical comedy loses its sense of discovery, there's not much reason for it to exist.
0.5 After seeing his second adventure, you have to wonder how many times the same jokes can be played out before they start to overstay their welcome.
0.625 Scatological doesn't even begin to describe it. Heather Graham is crap too.
0.625 Another scattershot adventure with a few good chuckles but not quite as funny as it believes it is--or should be.
0.6 Too long even if it were twice as funny.
0.7 Clever, witty, enjoyable, fun and almost as fresh and original as the first one!
0.8 Really, really funny!
0.875 Shagged serves up at least 25 guffaws and a lot more mojo than most comedies!
0.7 I laughed like a fool!
0.625 Overall, actor Mike Myers did an absolutely smashing job with this light-weight script while playing three roles to boot.
0.8 An action-packed and energetic ode to the 60s, and every spy movie ever made.
1.0 A strong stand alone comedy, and a welcome return to the screen for fans of Mike Myers' work!
0.8 It's a summer flick that more than delivers on its promise, and becomes a better chapter than its predecessor.
0.6 Despite an oversupply of bathroom jokes and scattered scenes that play like outtakes, this is still a crafty, intermittently hilarious comedy.
0.6 Were we pleased or frightened? Pleased, John.
0.5 The film's long middle is still a slog, but the beginning and ending are loud and weird enough to supply solid entertainment.
0.4 I may not be a doctor but believe me there is no way that Stewart and Pattinson would ever produce a baby this ugly.
0.875 The Twilight series comes to a close with this uneven yet satisfying finale that effectively wraps up the saga of these vivid, almost iconic characters...
0.6 I rolled my eyes, laughed at, and laughed with this film. I was entertained. It's a sloppy enjoyable mess, and the most fun I had watching a 'Twilight' movie.
0.5 Hopelessly dumb and often unintentionally funny. As with everything about this nutty series, I couldn't shake the feeling that Stephenie Meyer's creation is just kooky in all the wrong ways.
0.6 if you haven't seen any of them - why not see this one? It's crazy fun for less than two hours ... It's all very tonally specific, and the tone is bonkers. But it's so intriguing, and everyone looks so good ... the guiltiest pleasure of the year.
0.5 In one of Stephenie Meyer's weirder conceits, Jacob 'imprints' on Bella's daughter: This may be the most awkward way to resolve a love triangle since Luke discovered Leia was his sister.
0.625 Condon, the cast, and the crew of The Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn - Part 2 have made something they can be proud of.
0.8 "Breaking Dawn Part 2" offers readers and moviegoers the ending they hoped for. Only problem is most will be asking for more and wishing it was not the final chapter.
0.7 The big payoff to the Twilight saga is a solidly mounted, carefully directed exercise in franchise box-ticking... Even the decapitations are done tastefully.
0.6 The perfect ending of the series for those who are fans of the books, but for the rest it is a little overdone and confusing.
0.5 At a key point, coven leader Aro (Michael Sheen) lets out a spectacular laugh - which nearly drowned out my own.
0.2 Not nearly enough shots of Taylor's abs.
0.4 Even for a franchise that is horribly light on drama, nothing at all happens here.
0.5 And so it ends -- better than it started, but still a few brain cells shy of lucid thought.
0.375 Oh, my, what a cheat is in store for viewers of 'The Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn - Part 2.'
0.2 A reminder that the journey has been a murmur rather than a saga, and the final plod is no exception
0.55 From bottom of my heart thank you. And thank you to Bella, Edward and Jacob for letting us laugh, cry, debate, and pick sides while you three bastards stare at each other.
0.6 Bloodier, funnier and even more ridiculous, but the final chapter of this saga is better paced than the Potterthon.
0.5 The fifth and final entry in the historically successful "Twilight" franchise is the most self-aware and in some ways the most entertaining.
0.375 Well, thank god that's over.
0.6 There are better ways to spend your evening. Perhaps there's some laundry to be done?
0.5 I'll probably never understand the popularity of the Twilight movies. They're haphazardly assembled adaptations of awful books.
0.375 As for the millions that have had to suffer through this series, we celebrate the end of one of the worst franchises in cinematic history and are thankful that we no longer have to dread more of this soap opera that should have been cancelled long ago.
0.5 The Twilight films can hardly be considered masterpieces, but neither do they deserve the fear and loathing from male moviegoers threatened by the very existence of any franchise aimed at women. Still, this one fares the worst in practically every regard.
0.625 Twihards, don't rip my head off for saying this, but I enjoyed your reaction to the final Twilight movie than the actual movie, although it was better than the awful Part I.
0.6 Syrupy, suspensful and surreal, proclaiming this final segment as the best of the 'Twilight' saga is damning with faint praise.
0.5 If you removed the endless soulful gazes, this whole series could've been delivered as a two-night SyFy Channel exclusive and wrapped up before the next airing of Sharktopus.
0.6 The Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn Part 2 won't win any converts to either Team Edward or Team Jacob, but it has enough appeal to extend beyond the hardcore fans who attend ritualistically as a form of tribal identifier...
0.0 Twilight Breaking Dawn Part 2 is an unredeemable waste of time and money. Like the vampire characters it's utterly lifeless and yet by that monstrous twist of fate - it exists.
0.2 The Twilight Saga has finally ended, not with a triumphant roar but with the self-satisfied mumble of an inconsiderate lover rolling over and breaking wind as they fall asleep
0.8 The ultimate catharsis, giving the series' detractors exactly what they've wanted to see all these many years [and] telling the story that Twihards wanted to see too.
0.4 It's a mess
0.3 Much like The Human Centipede 2, Breaking Dawn: Part 2 completely fails as a serious film, but it makes one heck of an entertaining comedy.
0.6 'Breaking Dawn - Part 2' is the best of the series, despite the terrible CGI, mediocre dialogue and constant reminder of this is nothing but a love triangle between two guys and girl.
0.625 Breaking Dawn - Part 2 isn't the best Twilight Saga movie, but it does contain the best Twilight battle.
0.6 Wow, is it fun.
0.6 Final Twilight focuses on Edward and Bella's legacy.
0.6 Unintentionally humorous exchanges and awkward visuals undercut the quality of the filmmaking - but the final movie delivers a solid conclusion for its intended audience.
0.5 You're going to hear a lot about Breaking Dawn Part 2 being the best of the Twilight movies. That's like saying a simple head cold is preferable to swine flu.
0.4 The Twilight Saga signs off on something of a whimper with Breaking Dawn - Part 2, despite the best intentions of those involved to bring some extra punch and spectacle to Stephenie Meyer's source novel.
0.4 (It all) adds up to a movie of limited pleasures and lengthy miseries... and when combined with Part 1, it's an endurance test that few outside the faithful could even pass.
0.5 The prologue picks up where the nutty "Part I" left off, but that's about it for the next hour and a half.
0.2 A tepid end to a tepid saga. The CGI is bad enough that you'd think this came from the mid-nineties.
0.4 The 'Twilight Saga' has no upmarket aspirations. Seeking neither critical applause or peer-review awards, these movies, like those of Tyler Perry, seek only to provide unabashed satisfaction to those who believe in their characters.
0.7 With a flurry of bonkers action and cross-species bonding, The Twilight Saga surges to a howling conclusion that has more attitude in it than all four previous films put together.
0.375 Will Chris Hansen and the Dateline NBC team burst out of the woods to catch that predator Jacob?
0.6 The fifth and final instalment of the Twilight saga has the best climax of any blockbuster this year.
0.5 The finale is a doozy, almost certain to be satisfying to fans and impressive even to the casual "Twilight" viewer. But so much of what comes before that payoff...is mundane, dull, all talk and no action.
0.6 A riotous showdown ... finds an absurdly ingenious way both to preserve and subvert the contentiously passive climax of Meyer's novel.
0.75 Finally, there is something we can all agree on: Twilight is awesome. Trust me, I'm shrieking on the inside.
0.375 I'm not sure why I even bother to review these movies. TWILIGHT fans are going to see these regardless of what I think. They're going to like BREAKING DAWN part 2, just because it's TWILIGHT. They're blinded.
1.05 The opening section of the movie has the air of a 1980s shampoo commercial as the two newlyweds... make passionate love to a nonstop music track.
0.6 A tortura chegou ao fim.
0.625 Ironically, Kristen Stewart shows more life and spark dead than she did alive in four previous movies as the vapid Bella.
0.625 [The end credits are] a chance for "Twilight" fans to say goodbye to their favorites, and a chance for everyone else to delight in the knowledge that this consistently underwhelming saga is at long last over.
0.75 A finale that both rewards longtime fans with the most satisfying conclusion possible while providing a spectacular main event style brawl for action junkies.
0.25 It's a movie so dull you might start yanking on your own head after about an hour.
0.5 The series as a whole has steadily lowered the level of expectations to the point where 'less bad' has become 'good.'
0.4 Other than the Bram Stoker meets "Braveheart" battle, this vessel offers very little to make our collective blood race.
0.625 After the laborious exposition of "Part 1," "Part 2" is able to reap the benefits, tying together some disparate threads and providing real action at the end.
0.1 Unequivocally the worst of the lot ... The final instalment of a five-film franchise has all the emotional weight and impact of an episode of Entourage.
0.6 Breaking Dawn - Part 2 offers a very efficient, mildly touching, morally unimpeachable conclusion to a chronicle that has left an indelible impact on contemporary popular culture.
0.625 The first "Twilight" film that could get non-fans' hearts pumping turns out to be the last.
0.5 Fans of the series, which has made more than $2 billion worldwide, will no doubt find it all terribly romantic and deeply meaningful. The rest of humanity will remain unmoved.
0.6 Despite the slow start Mr. Condon closes the series in fine, smooth style. He gives fans all the lovely flowers, conditioned hair and lightly erotic, dreamy kisses they deserve.
0.625 It's an ending to a four-book and five-movie series that will keep those who have read the books on their toes but still satisfy as one of the more action-packed and exciting of the Twilight movies.
0.4 Breaking Dawn Part 2 is the best Twilight movie ever made. That doesn't mean it's good.
0.4 As billion-dollar Hollywood franchises go, this is one of the drawn-out dumbest. The stake through the heart comes not a moment too soon.
0.5 "Breaking Dawn, Part 2" doesn't end the series on an especially strong note, but it ends it. Let's count our blessings.
0.5 Full of pauses and intense looks and vague standing around ...
0.75 [Condon and Rosenberg] deviate from the original story created by Stephenie Meyer in a way that feels like a dance in the end zone.
0.7 Breaking Dawn - Part 2 will elicit laughs aplenty - but thankfully, they're all on purpose.
0.4 When the climactic battle finally arrives, it's a big letdown, full of bloodless decapitations (thanks, PG-13 rating) and awkward face-offs.
0.5 No rocket's red glare or bombs bursting in air for this Twilight's last gleaming.
0.4 Plays more like a bloated final hour of a better movie than an actually satisfying experience on its own terms.
0.4 The catering-ad backdrops, pouty nonperformances and cheap-looking effects still dominate.
0.375 With so many scenes of well-dressed vampires sitting or standing, stiffly, while Taylor Lautner or Robert Pattinson or Kristen Stewart passes another micro-slab of dialogue like a kidney stone, [Sheen's] overacting's greatly appreciated, thanks.
0.9 A satisfying and gratifying ending to the journey of Edward and Bella that summarizes all the lessons we've learned from them.
0.6 Director Bill Condon makes up for his rather lacklustre adaptation of the first half of Stephenie Meyer's concluding novel Breaking Dawn with a full-throated Part 2.
0.4 The final Twilight movie, bizarrely actionless for much of its length, may be the longest whimper in Rom-Goth history. Even the title weakens the will to live.
0.625 It's not a good film, but viewed from a cockeyed angle, it's a great guilty pleasure, and director Bill Condon is in on the joke.
0.625 Easily the trippiest and goofiest of the five addled adolescent vampire romances based on the Stephenie Meyer books ...
0.625 Immortality becomes Bella. After moping and mewing throughout the first four film adaptations of Stephenie Meyer's "Twilight" paranormal romance series, the heroine takes charge.
0.625 It's a fairly satisfying wrap-up to a not-very-satisfying series.
0.5 The Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn Part 2 is easily the best film in the series, thanks to stylish direction, a good sense of tone, and decent acting. It also has an infuriating ending that reinforces the worst of this series.
0.6 Director Bill Condon infuses the final entry with a refreshing balance of fun, vibrancy, action, humor and genuine emotion, making Part 2 the best of the bunch, by far.
0.375 As for you, dear reader, the symptoms of our long national nightmare should begin to fade as you're heading out of the theater, dissipating by the time you clear the concession stand.
0.625 Breaking Dawn - Part 2, the fifth and concluding chapter of the young vampire romance franchise, manages to find a pulse as it profitably clicks the turnstiles one last time.
0.6 A mainstream film designed for mass consumption that is quirky and personal and deeply felt.
0.5 Heavenly shades of night are falling: it's Twilight time...[for a series which] has always been borderline comical in its moments of greatest sincerity...
0.4 This is still a silly, unapologetically melodramatic - and at times unintentionally funny - teen soap opera, and one that is made for fans and only fans. Which I still am not.
0.6 It's not a terribly satisfactory capper to the Twilight franchise because it sets aside the strange undercurrents of desire and danger that defined the series and made it such a hair-tearing conundrum for feminists ...
0.5 This fifth and mercifully final installment features so much idle anticipation that it's unclear whether we're watching a movie or an Apple product launch.
0.625 Characters are better employed; emotions are, for once, palpable; and the selfishness of Bella, author Stephenie Meyer's avatar, is finally somewhat squelched.
0.5 The final shrug.
0.75 Rather than repeat past mistakes by handling author Stephenie Meyer's supernatural love story with kid gloves, this "Twilight" cuts loose and is as playful as a puppy.
0.6 So why does Hollywood forget the female audience when we need more heroines like Katniss Everdeen and Bella Swan? Is it simply that boys like the cinema more than girls? Well, Twilight blew the cobwebs off that movie myth.
0.6 The dialogue remains spotty and sappy, the effects still haven't caught up to modern-day standards, but "Twilight's" popularity is such that even when it falls short, it doesn't seem to matter.
0.5 This is a rousing climax to the series. But, if you hated it from the beginning, there is no reason here to change your mind.
0.625 The changes make for a visceral, satisfying climax. After the ups and downs of previous "Twilight" films, it's good to have the series quit while it's ahead.
0.625 Finally, someone took the source material at its terribly written word and stopped treating the whole affair so seriously.
0.5 Condon and screenwriter Melissa Rosenberg aren't afraid to play fast and loose with Meyer's story, and that's a good thing. You just wish they'd done it more often.
0.4 Everyone's tying up loose ends, and demonstrating no particular enthusiasm about doing so.
0.4 Between its farcical script, soulless relationships and waxwork performances, this is a final chapter that will please only the most devout fans.
0.6 A lot more fun than the last few films and it does at least deliver a genuinely thrilling finale. Sort of.
0.6 Twilight fans will certainly enjoy BD2's faithful approach to the tricky-to-film source material and celebrate a triumphant ending to their beloved saga.
0.6 "Breaking Dawn, Part 2" expands with a full intensity of force, stronger and more epic than the films that led to this impactful finale.
0.625 I must admit if you're going to bring the series to a close, "Part 2" does it about as well as it can be done.
0.375 In the climactic sequence things finally start happening, as if they wanted to show the movie they could have made if they weren't stuck with such lifeless material.
0.375 The central question of this "saga" ... having been answered in the final seconds of the previous movie ... there simply is no longer any tension left.
0.625 On final assessment, "The Twilight Saga" has been one pop-cultural fad difficult to figure out the appeal of, but one thing is for sure: all involved saved the best for last.
0.8 The final film restores order and balance, with a firm grasp of what made the series exceptional in the first place.
0.4 After nearly two hours of padding, there's a laughable climactic battle sequence with heads shattering bloodlessly.
0.4 Aside from the impressive final showdown, Breaking Dawn - Part 2 feels like the dying breaths of a cash cow being milked dry.
0.6 Surprise: Twilight has discovered a fresh sense of danger and energy.
0.6 Bigger, better and bloodier than its predecessors...
0.6 Various character arcs are brought to a satisfying conclusion and there's a fun twist.
0.6 In terms of providing plenty of bang for one's buck, Breaking Dawn Part 2 definitely ends the franchise on a high note.
0.4 Heads roll, sparks fly, wolves howl and the cinema audience collapses, weak with laughter.
0.6 Fans will be left on a high; other viewers will be confused but generally entertained by a saga whose romance is matched only by its weirdness.
0.4 Despite all those fierce confrontations and tribal divisions, exhaustively rehearsed and mythologised, nobody's really a bad guy and nothing's really at stake.
0.6 Three fingers of supernatural teen romance served neat in a dirty glass with a sparkler and cocktail umbrella, and not a single concession is made to newcomers, or sanity.
0.6 Directed by Bill Condon, who helmed the last instalment, the film's an adequate end to the story but not much else.
0.8 Twilight Breaking Dawn: Part 2 really does stand up to be the epic conclusion that we were all waiting and hoping for
0.8 Every frame of silent, lip-biting, pent-up tension in the series has been holding its breath for this -- a 600-minute soap opera suddenly exploding into a Grindhouse slasher.
0.6 Somehow the final film has stuff to say about love, friendship and loyalty that works.
0.8 A realistic and revealing portrait of a lonely young man selling Christmas trees on a street corner.
0.75 Charles Poekel displays an assured directorial hand and maintains a modest, appealing, even droll sensibility throughout.
0.375 The only thing that could make The Cutting Edge more absurd would be if the final competition revolved around a potentially deadly, possibly illegal move called the Pamchenko Twist. Wait, it does? Never mind. [Blu-ray]
0.6 Guilty-pleasure '90s romance you can skate to.
0.75 Grafts one screen formula on top of another--but that doesn't mean the film isn't a blast to watch.
1.0 One of the tops on our Movie Chick guilty pleasure list
0.8 A rare film where the actors' charisma overcomes leaden direction. D.B. Sweeney and Moira Kelly are wonderful.
0.4 The biggest problem I had with this film was the set-up and premise. It works on paper, but most of the movie is spent with the characters being simply awful.
0.4 Battle of the sexes romcom with mature content.
0.625 A modest but bubbly comedy of manners. [Blu-ray]
0.6 ...despite reservations about the goofy plot and the cocky characters, the movie proceeds pleasantly enough.
0.72 Has just enough substance beneath the surface throw the romantic comedy some much needed freshness.
0.625 [McConaughey] and Hudson make the premise, even in its shakier moments, vibrate with a sense of fun.
0.4 Offers nothing new to the genre, but for those who like light tales of meet-cute and happily-ever-after, it'll probably be as welcome as a tub of double-fudge ice cream.
0.6 if only filmmakers out there would take a how-to course on making romantic comedies with more than just laughs and star appeal, we might actually be making some progress.
0.4 Wander in after 30 minutes and split an hour later, otherwise you may feel like you've been used.
0.5 . I hate to label this lightweight romp a "chick flick", but when the title actually issues a challenge to the fairer sex, well, the writing is on the wall.
0.8 Leve e divertida, esta producao serve como prova de que, mesmo carregada de cliches, uma comedia romantica pode funcionar muito bem.
0.75 You gotta love love, especially when it's devious, deceitful, selfish, brutal and manipulative.
0.75 ... before labeling this as just another chick flick, keep in mind that it's a whole lot more enjoyable than most of the current pre-summer blockbuster-wannabes that studios are unloading right now.
0.75 The kind of instantly disposable but exceptionally agreeable trifle that's best enjoyed with one's significant other, preferably before or after an intimate dinner for two.
0.4 Overly long and overstuffed, there's just not enough here for a recommendation.
0.6 Fun, funny, Chick Lit-style chortler.
0.625 Pokes fun at relationship stereotypes in a way that, while not exactly clever, is pretty amusing -- due in large part to the talented leads.
0.75 'Hudson y McConaughey salvan el resultado final gracias simplemente a su encanto personal.'
0.75 This is a pure bubblegum picture, but it works at that level.
0.75 This is a more adult romantic comedy, with humor that a more adult crowd can identify with, and those painful date moments that everyone can relate to.
0.5 Hudson needs a little more time to hone her comedic skills before she can charm us through all the watery spots in the film's hot-laughs and cold-jokes script.
0.375 In what civilization is this kind of behavior romantic?
0.625 Leave before the excruciating finale and you should have an OK time.
0.625 It is fun, but empty fun.
0.5 Both lovers are duplicitous creeps -- in a perverse way they're made for each other.
0.25 When a chick flick goes wrong -- and this one hits a dead end in hell -- it's a wipeout.
0.4 The funny stuff at the heart of this film struggles in vain to free itself from a cage made of old romantic-comedy cliches.
0.6 10 Days may be predictable, but it's still quite entertaining.
0.625 Though the majority of the film is laughably predictable (you just know there's going be a drawn-out sequence in which both characters learn about the other's deception), there's a lot worth recommending about How to Lose a Guy in 10 Days.
0.4 Ladies, here's a hint: you can lose a guy in a lot less than 10 days if you make him watch movies like this one.
0.6 A nice enough diversion when the theaters are filled with weightier Oscar contenders.
0.5 The same stuff you've seen in every other run of the mill, artificially sweetened date flick.
0.5 You've seen this movie before. Here it is again.
0.5 ...breezy and manipulative...This piece of dating dreck is so sticky sweet and syrupy that one would think they screened Petrie's film at the International House of Pancakes!
0.4 The film is based on a very small book of the same name that's illustrated with stick figures. Director Donald Petrie's film miraculously manages to be even less detailed.
0.5 Too light on laughs and too heavy on predictable moments.
0.5 Though something less than a masterpiece of the genre, this good-natured skirmish in the war between men and women benefits from Hudson's thoroughly charming performance.
0.6 For once, here's a screen couple that easily adds up.
0.0 Virtually everything in the movie is off-pitch.
0.25 Having nearly suffocated amid the swirling mist of estrogen fumes that enveloped a recent screening of the insipid chick flick How to Lose a Guy in 10 Days, I need an immediate infusion of guy stuff to detox.
0.4 So much of the picture misfires and/or simply doesn't work or make sense that the total package is not as good, enjoyable or entertaining as it should be.
0.375 This is a movie that never aspires to be anything more than dimwitted fun, then falls on its aspirations.
0.75 It's about as close to French farce as romantic comedies get, and the closer the better.
0.75 Button-cute.
0.6 A modest Hawn-like romance for a new generation.
0.3 A shrill, unfunny litany of single-folk stereotypes that insults men and women with equal abandon.
0.6 Guys, if the gal in your life insists that you take her to How to Lose a Guy in 10 Days, don't panic. If she really wanted to dump you, she'd insist on Deliver Us From Eva.
0.625 Trite, contrived, but often entertaining.
0.75 How to Lose a Guy shows that Hudson's Oscar-nominated performance in 2000's Almost Famous wasn't a fluke.
0.5 This material requires a great deal more suspension of disbelief than even this hokey genre normally demands.
0.6 Has enough laughs and silly subplots to keep you looking, but in the end it's the work done by the two leads that saves the film.
0.6 McConaughey is an actor of limited range, but this time he has a film that fits firmly into his abilities.
0.5 You not only have to be seriously testosterone- deprived to survive this film without embarrassment, you have to buy a romantic premise so ridiculously contrived that even Dr. Ruth might suspect someone was pulling her little leg.
0.5 How to Lose a Guy in 10 Days is not unpleasant. It's just dull.
0.5 Lackluster.
0.5 It goes on too long and is trapped by too many cliches.
0.75 The hottest couple to come down the pike recently has been Frodo and Sam. Hudson and McConaughey rate higher on the spark-o-meter.
0.375 a shallow, convoluted love story with some cheap laughs wrapped around an infomercial
0.625 A novel concept...botched with juvenile execution.
0.75 Hits all the spots that most successful romantic comedies do, and has some decent laughs mixed in.
0.25 The results are supposed to be funny, but are instead painful.
0.625 The picture is actually watchable.
0.75 How to Lose a Guy in 10 Days dishes up a healthy serving of the fun that should be -- and too often isn't -- at the heart of a good romantic comedy.
0.375 I am just about ready to write off movies in which people make bets about whether they will, or will not, fall in love.
0.2 Days is a watered-down, lightweight version of War of the Roses made for people who still think Friends is funny.
0.375 Clumsy, overlong.
0.375 Riddled with cliche plot devices and dialogue that's as superficial as the glossy fashion magazine the lead character writes for.
0.5 If How to Lose a Guy in 10 Days turns out to be a $75 million hit as I suspect, then it will no longer matter if the same script is dusted off and the names changed to protect the innocent, because it's the audiences that are guilty.
0.8 They play an emotional game of chicken - and we all win.
0.71 A brand of entertainment that's dissatisfying intellectually and formulaically.
0.5 Despite a few clever insights and twists, it's neither good nor distinctive enough to rise above the level of generic romantic comedy.
0.6 If the movie provides no new insight into the contrasting behavior of men and women or the perils of postmodern urban dating, falling well shy of the not-too-high standard set by 'Sex and the City' on both fronts, it does have its tart, fizzy moments.
0.4 A too-long title is just the first problem for this too-long, misguided, so-called romantic comedy.
0.375 Should just count ourselves lucky that the final reunion on a bridge doesn't involve Benjamin on horseback and Paul Young on the soundtrack.
0.375 How to lose a Guy in 10 Days More like How to Lose an Audience in 10 Minutes.
0.625 In contrast to the horrifically stupid, dull romantic comedies the past month or two have brought us, How to Lose a Guy in 10 Days is almost, but not quite, a breath of fresh air.
0.6 If reality's your bag, take a pass. But if you're looking for a harmless diversion to get you in the mood for Valentine's Day, this could be the ticket.
0.375 There may be some way to make this nonsense amusing, but writers Kristen Buckley and Brian Regan haven't even figured out a reasonable setup for getting the two together.
0.875 ...This film will charm your socks off
0.6 Not for one frame does it seem possible that these two cutesy twenty-somethings won't see the errors of their wagers in time to take the exit to happily-ever-after land.
0.0 If you want to lose a guy in one day, drag him to see this movie.
0.875 Hudson is so impressive than she could charm the paint off the walls.
0.625 This film sticks like high heels in gravel coming out of the gate. But after the necessary unpleasantness are over the bulk of the film is actually quite entertaining, funny and, well, cute.
0.625 This movie is so intent upon getting cheap laughs and putting the protagonists in uncomfortable situations that it forgets they're supposed to be falling in love.
0.6 This film will likely be enjoyed by anyone who has gone through their own share of 'clingy' girlfriends with a number of laughs and enough overall entertainment to recommend to anyone looking for a fun night out with their honey.
0.75 A tasty romantic comedy, featuring the battle of the sexes in its most fanciful light.
0.375 If you're working for The New Yorker, the legality of Laura Elena Harring's breasts is not an appropriate pitch for your "Annals of Law" column.
0.5 An entertaining trifle to a point...but it doesn't treat the character's or the audience's intelligence with the respect they deserve. By the end, you just don't care anymore.
0.3 Not only does 10 Days rely on that old standby of romantic comedies -- "the bet" -- it one-ups the cliche with two bets!
0.5 Susan Hayward in an early, sudsy melodramatic peak.
0.625 I nearly gave up after an incredibly awkward, self-conscious first five minutes, but eventually writer/director Russell Brown finds his groove and sustains it for a long while.
0.5 Brown is never clear enough on how he feels about his own characters.
0.4 Self-consciously edgy and romantically limp.
0.375 A wisp of a film, dramatically threadbare, and saddled with a brittle and affected performance by Williams.
0.2 While clocking in at a relatively painless 75 minutes, Brown fails to come up with anything so fresh and bold in his approach as to make a single one of those worth watching.
1.0 An illuminating glimpse into some of the more challenging complications that contemporary relationships can present.
0.5 While the filmmaking shows natural skill, the movie lacks the energy and passion needed to really engage the audience.
0.7 You want uncomfortable tales of love and woe, then Race You to the Bottom has what you're looking for.
0.875 Not only are the characters in The Last Days of Disco embarrassingly earnest about their love for spectacular nightclubs and thumping dance music, but they're also completely transparent about their desires, even when they think they're being clever.
0.8 If it had been Stillman's swan song, a director could hardly hope to be prouder of such a strong exit.
0.7 Stillman skips the snark in favor of a sincere appreciation of his slightly lost characters.
0.75 Stilillman pulls off a unique balancing act of conveying the specificities of the cultural milieu but also maintaining a sense of universality that keeps the film from being solely about its time and place
1.0 The focus of The Last Days of Disco is a psychologically authentic and painfully parasitic female relationship.
0.6 Solid period piece with good dialogue. Standard relationship stuff, but well done.
0.625 Mr. Stillman more or less saves the movie with Josh, a sweet, muddled guy who deserves better friends than he has in this movie.
0.5 Offers little beyond the usual Stillman prattle.
0.8 Sharp-eyed and charming.
0.8 The film is enjoyable .. because of that great dialogue, good performances by the leads, and a great soundtrack.
0.5 For a film about the flame-out of a flashy era, The Last Days of Disco is just too languid and verbose.
0.5 In its last hour, the picture becomes more clumsy and tiresome, but the stray laugh and the disco sound keep it pulsing.
0.5 Even the most promising characters turn out to be shallow and often hateful, their stories meander interminably.
0.5 For the most part it's completely forgettable.
0.4 Trouble is, the dancing is usually more interesting than the pretentious things these characters have to say.
0.75 A conversation-heavy movie that benefits from typically astute writing from its director, Whit Stillman.
0.75 A fascinating film to watch, whether you were a supporter of 'the disco movement', or one who cheered when it died.
0.75 The combination of sharply-realized dialogue and infectiously energetic dance sequences keeps The Last Days of Disco from losing steam.
0.875 [Stillman] nails his characters with perfectly heard dialogue and laconic satire.
0.8 Stillman has created an affectionate, original and highly memorable tribute to a bygone age.
0.8 The fun cast and Stillman's clever writing make this admittedly slow-moving and talky film a pleasure to listen to and lovely to look at.
0.6 Despite the almost total lack of action, the film is engaging and often funny.
0.75 The film comes alive with its wonderfully complex, intellectual humor that is so dense and fast-paced that it might take several viewings to catch it all.
0.625 In spite of itself -- in spite of Stillman -- this is a lively and often endearing entertainment.
0.75 Talky and uneven but often funny romantic comedy.
0.75 To his fans (color me guilty), Stillman is like a sardonic Anton Checkov, a man to whom dialogue and repressed emotion are everything.
0.75 A very entertaining film, thanks to an appealing cast ... and those wordy discussions.
1.0 Shows that Stillman has finally found out how to make his characters totally lovable, and surprisingly more sympathetic.
0.7 If this film ... doesn't fully rise to the lovely vibrancy of Barcelona, it still extends the witty, quizzical style of Stillman's social comedies onto inviting new terrain.
0.6 The performances are nice but I don't think there's enough substance there in either of these people and I actually didn't believe the chemistry between them.
0.7 In the end it's the love story that counts and it's a beautifully acted and surprisingly touching relationship.
0.5 Summer Coda is disappointing, an under-nourished, spasmodically involving melodrama set largely amid the orange groves of Mildura in rural Victoria.
0.3 The themes of loss and moving on are sincere, but way too laboured. Angus Sampson brightens proceedings briefly as one of the fruit pickers -- will somebody please write a comedy lead for this guy? -- but otherwise it's an emotionally flat affair.
0.6 he bucolic rhythms of life in the orange grove have a lot of allure. It's Eden on the Murray and if you sit back and let its glories wash over you, you'll find a lot here to like.
0.3 Nice scenery, shame about the movie.
0.7 This is an extremely enjoyable film that will seduce audiences with its blend of appealing characters, glorious locations and an intelligent story about loss and love.
1.0 Immaculately directed by William Wyler, and written and played with style and grace, this is a film to treasure, both for its endearing action and marvellous performances.
1.0 As welcome as a cooling gelato on a hot summer's day.
1.0 A lovely film.
0.6 Hepburn represents all western cinema, finally allowed out to play on the cobbled streets of postwar Europe.
0.8 Hepburn and Peck revel in their shared duplicity but almost take a backseat to the splendour of the Italian capital, which has rarely been given so much lens-love since.
0.875 The reason Roman Holiday works is because it understands Hepburn's place in the pantheon of Silver Screen icons
0.8 If only more filmmakers would remember that not all fairy-tale romances need to have a pat, happily-ever-after ending.
0.7 It's a beautiful snapshot into the past, both for the historic look of Rome and to witness the birth of the romantic comedy.
0.875 For lovers of romantic comedies through the ages, Roman Holiday remains a favorite.
1.0 Delicious and delectable Audrey's Oscar-winning American debut. But not such a difficult feat with William Wyler backing you up.
1.0 Features one of the greatest endings to come from Hollywood
0.72 The Roman travelogue is pleasant enough, and Audrey Hepburn is positively peerless.
0.8 When you say 'They don't make movies like that anymore,' you're really talking about this film.
0.8 Timeless, exuberant classic, with Hepburn's naive sense of fun and perfectly charming performance matched equally by Peck's lauche and charismatic worldy American.
0.875 The film itself is a classic of romantic wish fulfillment, exactly the sort of beautiful lie that Hollywood specialized in.
0.875 The final moments of Roman Holiday are among the most moving and memorable of any romantic comedy I can think of
0.9 A lovely little romance, full of fun and playfulness, stellar performances (Hepburn won an Oscar and Albert was nominated), and all set against the beauty of Rome
0.8 Nice little bittersweet comedy
0.8 A stunning film debut by Audrey Hepburn, charming, gaminlike, a delight.
0.8 The mix of silly comedy and innocent love turns the viewer into a willing tourist.
1.0 Roman Holiday is [Audrey Hepburn's] perfect picture.
0.8 Director William Wyler delivers some of the most stunning black and white visions of Rome ever put on film. Considering how many eye-filling extravaganzas have been set in the eternal city, that's really saying something.
0.5 Avila can't quite thread the needle between telling his personal story and connecting it to larger social currents.
0.75 'Clandestine Childhood'' is the impressive first feature by Argentine director Benjamin Avila.
0.5 When a filmmaker proves as reluctant as Mr. Avila to speak up about the past, to engage with its full complexity, it can be hard to hear what he's saying.
0.6 The calmer scenes are staged in staid and somewhat clunky fashion, but the graphic animation depicting the worst moments is starkly effective.
0.6 Outre flourishes don't fully lift the story past the limitations of innocence-lost storytelling.
0.5 Benjamin Avila structures the film as a series of precious moments, remembrances of a difficult year when the politics of patria and family got in the way of his puppy love.
0.3 Despite a breezy premise, this rom-com displays lazy filmmaking at almost every level of the production
0.0 To end my assessment on the level of the film's writing, you'll wish you never heard about the Morgans. (Ha ha ha)
0.2 Potro%u0161eni Hugh Grant i antipati%u010Dna izvedba S.J. Parker u komediji koja je trebala biti slasher horror
0.375 You've seen it before, and you'll see it again. In one way or another 'Did You Hear About the Morgans?' is the same old fish-out-of-water story that's been put to film dozens of times.
0.4 This ultra-mild frolic follows the 'fish-out-of-water' comedy formula so closely its lack of surprise is almost, well, surprising.
0.3 Hugh, what a stinker! Mediocre sit-com humour doesn't help an unoriginal premise and a star pairing with less believable chemistry than a pebble and another slightly smaller pebble. Where's a straight-to-video distributor when you need one?
0.6 In a silly way, it is entertaining, the mismatch is actually weirdly plausible, and try as I might, I couldn't be grumpy about it.
0.2 Parker is better, injecting a note of rawness and authenticity into an otherwise misconceived subplot about adoption. Even she can't fake any curiosity in, yet alone sexual chemistry with, Grant.
0.4 The trouble with his new film, though, is not its lack of grit, but its lack of ambition and originality. It's one of those films that you've seen before - even before you've seen it.
0.4 Perhaps this new decade could be the one in which female audiences are treated as something other than a dumping ground for the lazy, complacent idiocy that has passed for chick flicks of late.
0.2 A hellish rom-com bereft of chuckles and charm. A good screwball comedy should have laughs, heart, sexiness, rapid-fire banter and, most importantly, chemistry between its two leads - Did You Hear About The Morgans? has not one of these things.
0.6 Considering how rarely Grant works, you'd expect genuine excellence in the scripts he picks. We'd expected more than this merely serviceable, not very believable Hollywood romcom.
0.4 We've seen this a hundred times before...only better.
0.4 Parker and Grant sleepwalk their way through a flatline comedy in which old jokes can be seen coming a mile away.
0.4 Grant's familiar, pained and rueful expressions start to look like an actor's commentary on the film, not a character's response to events within it.
0.2 Like sitting under the dentist's drill for 100 minutes, there's not a single, solitary laugh in the whole damn thing. In fact, it's a film so bad you actually start to feel sorry for the stars.
0.4 While at times the pair sparkle and most importantly have chemistry, entire scenes are laugh-free zones as far as the dialogue is concerned.
0.4 Writer-director Marc Lawrence's film delivers some halfway decent lines for Grant to gobble up gratefully enough up until this point, but from here on in it gets worse and worse.
0.4 Let down by a script that's not funny enough and a plot that's so formula it came from a baby's bottle.
0.2 Punishingly lame and containing little romance to compensate for the absence of comedy.
0.6 Neither good nor bad. Scales dizzying new heights of okay. Aims for mediocrity... and nails it.
0.4 Disappointing romcom with a lazy, predictable plot, irritating characters, lacklustre performances and painfully unfunny set-pieces.
0.6 ...a lightweight but entertaining comedy deftly performed by some old hands.
0.5 Morgans not worth hearing from.
0.75 A friend in Hollywood told me last summer to expect a lot of "recession" movies - movies contrived to provide all those involved with a quick paycheck - in the coming months and I'm guessing this is what he meant.
0.6 With less edge than soup, Did You Hear About the Morgans? is a proud, plain, rom com.
0.375 You've already heard every joke it has to tell.
0.375 Yes, I've heard about the Morgans. I've heard about Matthew McConaughey Morgan, Debra Messing Morgan, Gerard Butler Morgan, Renee Zellweger Morgan, John Cusack Morgan and Kate Hudson Morgan. All the damn morgans.
0.5 Sweet and funny, this is more suitable for a TV movie than a big screen feature
0.75 The cast is in such fine form that everything seems funny.
0.25 It's a pity there's no witness protection program for movies that commit crimes against audiences.
0.375 I grant you Hugh Grant and Sarah Jessica Parker evoke charm in the right screenplay. This is the wrong screenplay.
0.25 Most bad comedies plod from scene to scene. This one plods from sentence to sentence. Grant and Parker stand around as if they're waiting for someone to yell, "Cut."
0.3 Bland, charmless and witless - trust me, you don't want to hear about the Morgans.
0.4 Hugh Grant and Carrie Bradshaw (yeah, I know) go to the woods. It's by the numbers, harmless and almost without charm.
0.2 Forget witness protection, with this one you need protection %u2014 'witless' protection.
0.2 A really dumb romantic comedy with the trendy storyline of someone falling in love with somebody who has been betrayed.
0.5 The cliche-ridden dialogue is delivered with no feeling or conviction and a predictable ending leaves you wanting more. The supporting players are given little to do, but outshine the marquee names.
0.375 Here's yet another movie that should be neither seen nor heard.
0.2 The romantic-comedy equivalent of a genetically-tweaked slab of meat, an over-engineered counterfeit whose marketing tells us a lie every instinct we have disputes.
0.5 It's clearly Parker's movie, and that's a shame.
0.2 Grant has never been less charming and Parker never less fashionable or more grating than they are as Paul and Meryl Morgan.
0.0 It's as if the film is a no-humour zone, and any attempt at a laugh gets sucked into a cinematic vacuum of mirthlessness.
0.4 trades on Hugh Grant's charm, Sarah Jessica Parker's fan base, and the general good will of the audience. At least one of those three has been sorely tested by the time the end credits roll. Possibly two
0.25 If you are expecting a pleasant evening of escapism, you will be cruelly fooled. The editor responsible for the trailer is clearly a genius.
0.375 Yes, comedies thrive on broad strokes. But selling Americans lame images of one another as if we haven't traversed the country (if not in actuality, via television and film) is dispiriting.
0.2 Fish-out-of-water romcom is teen-friendly but a real snooze.
0.6 Mostly it's an invitation to spend an easy 108 minutes with some very likable folks (Grant, Sam Elliott, and Mary Steenburgen) as they amble through a laid-back fish-out-of-water comedy.
0.6 A comedy with mostly likable, broadly drawn characters; tart, nonthreatening social satire with sharp enough teeth to leave an impression while not breaking the skin; and well-timed, modestly sophisticated repartee.
0.4 Predictable, leaden, unfunny and unnecessary.
0.2 So now you can say, indeed, you have heard about the Morgans, smile politely, and move on to the next movie playing at the multiplex.
0.5 Adorable if adulterous and agnostic salad-fancying nitwit city slickers save their marriage with the help of a God-fearing, meat-eating 'Sarah Palin' and her sheriff husband in what could be described as 'Green Acres' in Red State drag, plus guns.
0.2 Did you hear about the worst rom-com of 2009? It's this one!
0.2 Where is Richard Curtis when you need him?
0.125 If it wasn't for Hugh Grant, Did You Hear About The Morgans? would be competing for worst comedy of the decade. Instead, it's just in the running for worst comedy of the year.
0.5 Did You Hear About the Morgans? is about as stereotypical as a stereotypical romantic comedy can get
0.375 Not even the clumsy title bears any evidence of inspiration, which actually makes it a nice fit for writer-director Marc Lawrence's dud of a script.
0.2 This is a film that does roughly the same thing for the concept of star-powered romantic comedies that Tiger Woods has done for the concept of marital fidelity.
0.25 Sometimes it's unpleasant, sometimes it's insincere, and for long stretches it's boring. There are good parts, too, but they all come in the first 10 minutes.
0.375 A smug, New-York-is-the-center-of-the-universe comedy that doesn't have enough humor to compensate for its misplaced sense of superiority...
0.25 A painful failure, lumpish and crude.
0.375 A fish-out-of-water comedy that flops around on the dock for a while before eventually, and mercifully, expiring.
0.375 The movie doesn't just quickly run out of its fish-out-of-water jokes but doesn't have any unique or funny gags in its arsenal the moment the couple from New York City lands in Wyoming.
0.375 A somewhat amusing yet trite example of the modern-day screwball comedy.
0.375 There's no sense of affection. No passion, even when they fight. Their dialogue rings hollow. These two aren't believable and their relationship is a black hole. Who cares?
0.25 An exercise in foregone conclusions so dreary as to hardly qualify as comedy.
0.75 It doesn't pretend to be an awards contender, and yet, oddly enough this year, it's far more entertaining and astutely written than the majority of recent releases that are.
0.375 This is what happens when you throw reliable talent at an awful script.
0.1 You know the line about what a bear does in the woods? Not only is that wittier than all of Did You Hear About the Morgans?, it describes the movie as well.
0.625 It's not great art, but it has a certain goofy effervescence, mostly thanks to Hugh Grant.
0.375 Did you hear about Did You Hear About the Morgans? Really, you don't want to.
0.375 This alleged screwball comedy is almost laughless. It's one of the most surprising comedy duds of the year.
0.2 It would be acceptable if all this fakeness lead to something legitimately funny. Instead, we're left bemused and bored.
0.5 Always fully aware it need not involve big words or ideas to offer light entertaining fare even if there's only so far you can take such a predictable premise.
0.375 Did You Hear About the Morgans? has no room for surprises.
0.375 Toss this one on the ever-growing pile of failed Hollywood romantic comedies, and wish Grant and Parker better luck next time.
0.5 It's hard to imagine why you'd want to pay to be talked down to and coddled like a baby.
0.0 It's not just the sound of crickets you hear watching this movie. It's the sound of dead crickets.
0.2 You see, city folk are like this, and country folk are like that.
0.0 Why isn't there a federal program to protect people from witnessing movies like this?
0.5 Hugh Grant and Sarah Jessica Parker are supposed to pass for a married couple, but they have all the chemistry of two actors who just met and shook hands moments before the cameras rolled.
0.25 Lawrence's recycled observations of the virtues of rural life, his struggles to find something funny about local "types" (an unworldly doctor and his naive-nitwit nurse), his "grizzly encounter" scene, are painful to watch.
0.5 The film depends more on the shadowy, colour-drenched photography to touch on emotions or humanism. It's not enough.
0.5 Blends the narrative, the dancing, and the music in a vibrant way that hasn't been captured before. Otherwise, it's really just more of the same.
0.75 With each successive film, whatever passes for story becomes all the more shallow and trite--and the movies as a whole actually get *better*.
0.375 Incredibly stupid in just about every way. And yet, it had what may have been my favorite scene at the movies this year...[Blu-ray 3D]
0.5 The latest entry in a consistently underwhelming series...
0.5 Whilst the film attempts to advocate the organic and liberating tenets of dance, it contradicts this message though consumerism and unashamed product placement.
0.4 The only laugh comes during the end credits, when the phrase 'featuring characters created by Duane Adler' pops up onto the screen. This film had characters? Now that's entertainment.
0.375 Step Up 3D is one D too many. This gimmick-laden film is filled with cliches in the production as well as the script.
0.6 Step Up 3D ima isforsiranih momenata no na sre&#263;u takvih je malo pa vrijeme provedeno ispred ekrana relativno brzo prolazi
0.3 full review at Movies for the Masses
0.6 While I did have fun while watching it, I can't say for sure if I would have been quite so forgiving if I had actually paid to see it.
0.2 This, the latest variation on the "follow your dream" dance fantasy, draws an ever sharper line between tip-top street dance and bottom-of-the-class dialogue and acting.
0.5 The 3-D at its best pops (a red-gloved dancer bursts out from the screen as if diving through a window), but more often it's merely Dramamine-inducing.
0.75 This is a very silly movie, but it's a pretty fun one as well.
0.4 When Step Up 3D isn't throwing stuff at the crowd, its dance sequences do jump out of the screen in a pretty cool way. The routines are impressive, but the plot less so.
0.625 For a change, the 3D gimmickry actually works, particularly with Chadd "Madd Chadd" Smith's uncanny robot-dance moves.
0.75 A swooping visual delight!
0.2 ... the dances are juiced up with all kinds of snazzy digital effects ... Were the dances digitally created as well? Maybe not, but the suspicion alone is fatal.
0.6 It's all about the moves, and I count the film's moronic perkiness as a plus: it could be the dumbest thing all year that I have to admit enjoying.
0.4 Those who would like a storyline not caressed by cliche had better beware.
0.4 There are moments of energetic charm here, but the script is so painfully poor, and the plot's creaky turns so unintentionally comedic, that they're all but lost in the noise.
0.0 It's like Muppets Take Manhattan, but replace a milquetoast young artiste for an amnesiac frog and a group of muppets for a post-racial group of seamlessly integrated metrosexuals.
0.6 This movie gets points for knowing it is just a dance movie and never trying to be anything else.
0.5 If you actually like the hiphop style of dancing, much of the film is given over to energetic displays,although one is hardpressed to say why one group... deserves to win.
0.6 It's the only one of the trilogy gauche enough to be amusing... so loopy that you'd need to have a heart of flint not to be carried away.
0.3 Bad acting and loud, insurmountable narrative gear-grinding completely derail an admirable lesson -- that the human body remains one of if not the most engaging big screen special effects there is.
0.4 Likely to leave even unworldly 12-year-olds rolling, rather than breakin', in the aisles.
0.4 Even with the addition of 3-D it feels as if the Step Up series has nothing new to offer.
0.5 a trial to endure
0.4 By adding 3D, Step Up 3 has morphed from a film into that creepy guy who dances at you in clubs.
0.6 "Step Up 3D" has pedestrian acting, weak dialog and a storyline that might as well have been generated by an iPhone ap. It's a good thing that nobody is buying tickets to see this movie for its dramaturgy.
0.6 This is NOT the first 3-D movie musical, as advertised, and the blandness of Malambri and Vinson can't compare with the charisma of Fred & Ginger or Gene Kelly with a broomstick.
0.4 Functions less as a story than as a catalog of references meant to interest a young audience: mixed martial arts, parkour, X-games, Red Hook, Chinatown, D.I.Y. filmmaking.
0.6 Still as light on story as it is on its feet, but audiences looking to get a cinematic workout from the high-stepping action served up here could do a lot worse.
0.616 Unabashedly corny, contrived and comes alive with irresistibly captivating, eye-popping energy during the vibrant dance numbers.
0.4 Character and plausibility is never going to be this film's strong point; it's all about the moves. And in that at least, it's no let-down.
0.4 Even by the rock-bottom standards of dance movies, the script is abysmal: formulaic and dumb.
0.4 Plotwise, this is a slow dance indeed, with the players partnered-up with club-footed cliches and some deeply one-dimensional characters.
0.6 The movie's cheese, with cheese on the side -- and a portion of impressive footwork.
0.4 Fun dance routines are best part of otherwise boring movie.
0.625 There is some awkward editing and cheesy showing-off, but the dancers' tremendous talent is given the focus it deserves.
0.4 It's hard to hate as relentlessly upbeat a film as the weightless Step Up 3D. It's also hard to remember it for very long, it sits so lightly upon the brain.
0.5 The dance scenes are inventive and pop out in all kinds of strange places.
0.5 Though director Jon Chu brings admirable energy and imagination to Step Up 3D's dance extravaganzas, he can't animate shockingly wooden performances or cure stumble-footed dialogue.
0.75 Eye-popping dance-floor awesomeness and jaw-dropping dramatic awfulness combine to produce the must-see dumbest movie of the year and possibly even of the 21st century -- and yes, I know we've still got nine decades to go.
0.625 The main reason to see Step Up 3D is for the high-energy dancing and innovative camerawork, and on those points it delivers.
0.25 Saw 3D looked like the scariest tri-dimensional offering at the movies this year. Until now.
0.7 Would it be a better musical experience if when Gene Kelly splashed about in Singin' in the Rain, you saw each drop of water bouncing towards you?
0.75 Step Up 3D is as supremely exhilarating and thoroughly terrible as fans of the series might've expected.
0.6 Step Up 3-D is worth seeing for the amazing Fred Astaire homage sequence. Jon Chu nailed the longest 3D single-take shot in cinema history. The 3D was even great!
0.4 The mischievous Sevani remains one to watch, but Vinson and Malambri are as bland as the hackneyed story surrounding them.
0.8 An exhilarating summer treat for all ages, Step Up 3D celebrates the transformative power of dance.
0.375 The dance sequences in Step Up 3-D are thrilling, but the script is strictly 1-D.
0.25 You really can't say that the 3-D helps bring this series full circle. More like a straight line of cheesiness that features more covered crotch comin' at ya than a Jim Wynorski film.
0.125 It's like West Side Story and Singing in the Rain had a three way with the Devil, and this was the result.
0.625 Some of the visual razzmatazz isn't as polished as it should be, but the dance sequences, especially the go-for-broke finale, more than compensate for that.
0.5 Of all the pitfalls potentially awaiting new freshmen at New York University, one I've never heard mentioned is the dance pimp.
0.625 Rhythmically, athletically and energetically, Step Up 3D does not disappoint.
0.25 Between 3-D and regular viewing, the only way to see Step Up 3D is not to.
0.5 There's no need for the Screenwriting 101 structure, our demands are too simple: just shut up and dance.
0.5 Using 3-D to tell this trite story is, as they say, like putting lipstick on a pig.
0.4 If you're nine years old you'll really be into it. If you're somewhat older you'll be wondering why they suddenly decided to remake Rent as a children's film.
0.2 The conventions of quality cinema just got served.
0.375 Watching this movie in 3-D is very much like sticking one's head in a blender and hitting "pulse.''
0.5 Alas, the extra dimension doesn't compensate for a cliched, predictable plot, one dimensional characters, mediocre performances and dopey dialogue.
0.625 While director Jon M. Chu's acrobatic cast proves adept at moonwalks and break-dances -- and even tangos and tap -- not a one displays anything even closely approximating charisma.
0.375 It's the same movie as the earlier "gotta dance" over-choreographed crunk-and-breakdance epics. Exactly the same. Well, stripped of any hint of edge or sex appeal.
0.4 Sure, it's nifty enough to see dust particles swirling or hands swooshing at you, but mostly the 3-D muddles the invention and exquisiteness of the film's raison d'etre: the dancing.
0.6 Even if you've heard the one about the high-stakes dance contest that Manhattan street performers must win to hold onto their communal home, you've never seen it done quite like this.
0.4 If only there were more drop kicks and fewer banal lines.
0.6 Director Jon Chu is, to lesser acclaim, a modern day Busby Berkeley; he's a choreographer, not a storyteller.
0.4 While the 3D dance scenes pop off the screen, the lines -- and cliched plot -- are delivered with a resounding clunk.
0.75 It boasts a generous exuberance and, as entertainment products go, it's surprisingly sweet.
0.625 The 3D, as well as the rehashed plot, do little to enhance the frequently phenomenal dancing in this third "Step Up" film.
0.6 How can you not find a space in your heart for a 21st century villain saddled with the name Julien?
0.6 Two words: LASER FINGERS!
0.4 The ninth plague of Egypt: 3D films for those with a mental age of six.
0.6 This is all about the moves and on that score Step Up 3D is BFAB - blatant fun; almost brilliant.
0.4 Step Up 3D features superb 3D effects and suitably impressive dance sequences but it fails to connect on an emotional level...
0.6 All the energy goes into the dancing, which is considerable fun.
0.8 It's a contemporary movie musical that makes you feel genuinely sky-high.
0.6 If you can ignore what is an undoubted handful of shame thrown upon yourself by checking this film out, you'll have a great time along the way.
0.4 So devoid of spark and humour that no matter how loud or fast or yoof it gets, it still feels like an endless slog.
0.8 Some of the best street dancing ever committed to the big screen.
0.6 Get lyrical people, Step Up 3D is foot-tapping fun.
0.5 It's not good, but it's a lot of fun.
0.75 Justly celebrated as the rare Elvis movie in which Presley is not just complemented but also challenged by a song-and-dance co-star of comparable sexual energy and anatomical expressiveness.
0.75 It's not magic, this movie, but it is alchemy of a kind...
0.8 Vegas ad is a nonstop song-and-dance delight.
0.875 Presley's one really good musical, mainly because it features a female costar, Ann-Margret, who can match the coiffed one in the charisma stakes.
0.5 ...a cut above most of Elvis's movies, but, unfortunately, it still comes off as little more than an upscale nightclub revue.
0.875 Directed by George Sidney, it has a carefree spirit as opposed to the carelessness of the other films, and for once Elvis is paired with a worthy co-star.
0.6 Coming on a balmy day, with no pretensions of art, Viva Las Vegas, the new Elvia Presley vehicle, is about as pleasant and unimportant as a banana split. And as fetching to look at, it might be added.
0.8 Hallucinatory but fabulously entertaining.
0.6 One of Presley's best and most popular musicals.
0.8 May be Elvis's raunchiest and most pleasing film, thanks mostly to co-star Ann-Margaret.
0.8 It is ridiculous. It is a little teensy bit sexist. It is a relic of a bygone age. It is as predictable as the sunrise. It is also, of course, rip-roaring fun.
0.8 Ultimately it's hard to say exactly why you'll like it -- but you will.
0.6 Elvis not only rocks the city of lights but also showed he could act.
0.5 Besides the fact that it's full of near-misses, the movie's charming leads salvage it from being just another predictable romantic drama.
0.4 Predictable romance has teen sex, drinking.
0.8 Managed to win me over with a combination of British charm, clever writing, and well-executed performances.
0.5 "Love, Rosie" is one of those annoying movies in which everything would be just fine if the two central characters had a simple conversation that cleared up all their misunderstandings.
0.625 Love, Rosie's early charm fades by the end, given that, as time (and the movie) wears on, neither Rosie nor Alex get any more mature when it comes to matters of the heart.
0.4 Do you really want to expose your adolescent daughter to 100 minutes of the beautiful Lily Collins accepting second-best, over and over and over and over and over and over and over again?
0.5 A visually pleasing film, given to framing the characters in dappled sunlight that peeks through windblown leaves. It's a pity the rest of the project is so poorly executed.
0.5 The problem isn't that Rosie and Alex aren't charming; in fact, they're both thoroughly nice and endearing and attractive, so much so that I lost interest in them pretty quickly.
0.3 "A Styrofoam heart and an embarrassingly juvenile worldview guide 'Love, Rosie,' the latest pit stop for rising stars Lily Collins and Sam Claflin."
0.5 The good-hearted and intermittently sweet Love, Rosie attempts through sheer force of will to convince viewers that its good-looking protagonists are a good match.
0.7 Cynics should steer clear, but Love, Rosie boasts two charming leads, a genuinely sweet tenor and such a warm blend of humor and heart that it could easily become a new teen favorite.
0.5 A romance found wanting thanks to watered down chemistry between the stars.
0.5 It's all a bit of a mess really. Despite the likeability of the two stars - Lily Collins and Sam Claflin, whose mouth resembles Hugh Grant's - there is so much silliness in this film that I found it alienating.
0.6 As romantic-comedies go, this worthwhile, incident-packed effort deserves credit for spending the balance of its time exploring the underside of love...The last time we saw that done this well was 27 Dresses.
0.5 What all this adds up to is a film with the consistency of fairy floss, enjoyable provided you're not expecting substance of any kind at all.
0.2 [A] brightly moronic young adult romance.
0.4 It's not entirely unlikable, but there's nothing here to match the charm of the movies this imitates, nor justify the mood swings that it signally fails to negotiate.
0.4 If you've seen the trailer for this adaptation of Cecelia Ahern's second novel then you probably needn't bother forking out for a ticket as they more or less signpost just how the story pans out.
0.2 Maybe Dublin collectively dissociated itself from the project. Who'd blame it?
0.4 Collins has a gamine-like quality reminiscent of a young Audrey Hepburn but her effervescent charm isn't enough to hide the chronic absurdities in the storyline.
0.6 Love, Rosie is a cheery, sweetly funny will-they-won't-they teen rom-com that rolls on through the more complex twenties of Rosie (Lily Collins) and Alex (Sam Claflin) as their friendship, which began aged five, teeters on the cusp of love.
0.4 Everything is so calculated and phoney that you don't believe a word of it.
0.4 Amid the bungles, Collins is a bright spark.
0.2 Never before has one script screamed so loudly for a Carrie Fisher rewrite; anything at all to inject a little wit, decency or soul.
0.6 The destination may never be in doubt, but thanks to likeable performances from stars Lily Collins and Sam Claflin this predictable film has a heart and soul that keeps it watchable for the duration.
0.4 A soapy heartstring fiddler ...
0.4 Celia Ahern's chick-lit novel about two friends who are secretly in love has been made into a not-quite-rubbish Brit romcom.
0.6 Cliched, predictable and unbearable in parts - but it never once loses sight of what it's trying to achieve, affectionately, and earnestly, adhering to the tropes of the romantic comedy genre.
0.6 Likeable leads and the odd good joke makes this romance an amiable time-passer.
0.4 That it wastes the talent of two young actors with star potential is upsetting, that it insults its audience is frankly unforgivable.
1.0 The story of how to become a new, better, more whole self... There is nothing less tragic than that.
1.0 Kieslowski...implies, not for the first or last time, a form of divine intervention or destiny at work... [Blu-ray]
1.0 Binoche's performance is brilliantly understated, and she conveys with minimal dialogue and outward affectation a woman who is internally in turmoil
0.75 Director Krzysztof Kieslowski's noted visual style is amply on display: images are transformed from the familiar into the unearthly, with a sense of dislocation permeating the whole.
1.0 Juliette Binoche stars in Blue, which was once considered the weakest of the trilogy but holds up better than one would have suspected.
0.8 In Blue, the first of the Three Color Trilogy, Polish filmmaker Kieslowski tackled unabashedly spiritual and existential issues through the graceful presence of French actress Juliette Binoche.
0.8 I was moved and touched by all three, and continue to ponder which is my favourite (but lately I'm thinking 'Blue.')
0.875 A fascinating mood piece.
1.0 As the French might say, "Se manifique.'
0.875 Peter Jackson's Lord of the Rings trilogy is shaping up to be an admirable exercise in interconnected cinema, but for a truly transcendent experiment in this vein, it's hard to top Krzysztof Kieslowski's dazzling trio from 1993-94.
0.8 slow and difficult, and to some extent, that's what Kieslowski wanted
0.875 A powerful motion picture.
0.875 A challenge to the imagination.
0.8 Blue is a movie that engages the mind, challenges the senses, implores a resolution, and tells, with aesthetic grace and formal elegance, a good story and a political allegory.
0.8 A complex and fascinating character study of grief, directed with a mesmerizing grace.
0.75 Lopez is now such a multimedia icon that it's easy to forget that her acting skills are what earned her first major notice.
0.4 J. Lo's mass appeal will bring them in, but the mediocrity of the film won't give them much more.
0.2 Call an ambulance. This mess is in need of a bodybag.
0.75 Only in the last five minutes does Mandoki let the hammer drop. Before that, Angel Eyes is quite compelling.
0.7 Lopez's work grows layers that are then gradually stripped away, exposing a raw, naked emotional vulnerability by film's end that is quite disarming.
0.25 Angel Eyes is not a movie for watching. It is a movie for passing by and avoiding.
0.4 Viewers with a low tolerance for schmaltz may suffer; one heartfelt speech even drew nervous titters from the otherwise indulgent preview crowd.
0.5 I have to admit I don't care much for "big secret" movies, and this is one of them.
0.4 Well-acted drama that is unfortunately hampered by severe mis-marketing and a disappointing ending.
0.625 It is a pleasure to see Ms. Lopez expand her acting range, and to see Mr. Caviezel move into the kind of major role he deserves.
0.625 ...the commanding performances by the two leads more than make up for the excessively overlong running time.
0.6 Viewers are going to feel pretty cheated if they walked in hoping to bite their nails and then left realizing they should've brought a hanky instead.
0.625 Lopez has great lips for pouting, and this somber script gives her ample opportunity to flex those skills.
0.4 Um universo de melodrama e cliches...
0.7 There's not much at the end, really, but it's quite a nice journey while it lasts.
0.6 ...the kind of film that appears to be going someplace and then never quite gets there.
0.75 Recommended to fans of Lopez, anyone without a negative attitude toward her, people who liked the writer's previous credits, and those on a date.
0.75 Angel Eyes is a love story -- one of uncommon style, thought and intelligence.
0.5 Un fallo mas en la carrera de Mandoki y una muestra de que no solamente se necesita un buen elenco para lograr el exito
0.4 A moribund melodrama which starts intriguingly before becoming utterly banal.
0.0 Its protagonists, their situation and its mechanical but mushy resolution are never remotely believable.
0.4 Mandoki doesn't have anything new to contribute to this puree of genres.
0.4 Running out of stuff to make the characters do, Di Pego is reduced to having them make speeches.
0.875 There aren't enough grown-up relationships on screen these days. Angel Eyes is refreshing in its refusal to stoop to easy cliches.
0.75 Lopez takes a chance on the tough role of police officer Sharon Pogue and she pulls it off beautifully.
0.64 There is not a lot of chemistry between Lopez and Caviezel, so their romance, around which the whole film revolves, never heats up.
0.5 the film is like a tease, always suggesting something much deeper, more profound, or at least surprising that what it ultimately reveals
0.2 Director Luis Mandoki lets another film drown in the tear-jerker tide.
0.6 You may need prayer to get through this one without dying from boredom.
0.25 "Stay with me" Jennifer Lopez whispers over and over at the start of the film. Take my advice: Don't.
0.75 A well-acted character study of a hardworking woman, by a screenwriter (Gerald DiPego) and a director with enough integrity to dispense with the usual Hollywood distractions.
0.6 The most notable performance to date from an actress whose hype has heretofore outstretched her work.
0.5 More like a TV movie of the week, but without any commercial breaks to interrupt the melodramatic tedium.
0.3 The product is so synthetic it has only attitude where its heart ought to be.
0.7 A carefully crafted romantic drama of considerable insight and emotional impact that provides Lopez an acting challenge she meets with ease.
0.5 The script is obvious and conflicted.
0.75 A surprisingly effective film.
0.625 The writing is capable but never really stylish, and that's what, in spite of heavenly aspirations, keeps Angel Eyes totally earthbound.
0.5 When it's all over, "Angel Eyes" feels like an exhausting flirtation instead of a full-out seduction.
0.4 This is all about getting your life back on course before you can fall in love. Which isn't such a bad idea for a movie, as long as there's something more. Unfortunately, there isn't.
0.3 It's hard to believe that these two would ever hook up.
0.875 Jennifer Lopez proves that her allure and talent can carry a complex mystery love story. We were delighted, surprised, and impressed.
0.8 A very traditional love story, and a surprisingly touching one, too.
0.75 An emotionally layered, grown-up drama about two battered souls finding a blossoming but tentative solace together.
0.4 As soon as I started to recognize the 'same old same old' path that they were following, I wasn't much inclined to invest myself much further.
0.4 My feet were stuck to the floor when I stood up to leave due to the sap that had poured out of the screen.
0.5 It really only takes two words -- sloppy and sappy -- to describe Angel Eyes.
0.5 A romantic comedy with baggage.
0.5 Jennifer Lopez has to suffer through it all in the name of $10 million a picture
0.5 The tagline of the film reads: "The deeper you look, the more you will find," but I've always found it pointless to search for treasure at the bottom of a dry well.
0.625 An uneven story that moves in fits and spurts, it has trouble ever quite deciding what it wants to be.
0.8 Lopez and Caviezel do fine work, energized by the perceptive, intelligent script of Gerald Di Pego and Luis Mandoki's sympathetic, sure-footed direction.
0.625 What with its cryptic storytelling, otherworldly pacing and doe-eyed little boys, Luis Mandoki's Angel Eyes could pass for a lost M. Night Shyamalan film.
0.625 Judging by Jim Caviezel's signature acting, this could be called 'Eyes Half Shut.'
0.875 An intelligent, impassioned adult romance that has a lot to say, and doesn't feel the need to let a rock soundtrack full of love ballads explain it.
0.5 Unfortunately, Angel Eyes is almost always too obvious for its own good.
0.75 0.5
0.3 Comes billed as a progressive, eccentric romantic comedy, but at its heart, it's a pessimistic, cynical, and very traditional.
0.75 The scene-stealer is Robert Ryan, one of cinema's forgotten great actors. He delivers a superlative performance as the radical with dark reason and fearful purpose, bringing a new, almost heroic dimension to the character.
0.7 The play is an inescapably great experience, and that fact isn't muffled by this film.
1.0 For four hours we live in these two rooms and discover the secrets of these people, and at the end we have gone deeper, seen more, and will remember more, than with most of the other movies of our life.
1.0 Although it is a spectacle film, the story of how a man takes on the tyranny of the Romans, with all sorts of horrible consequences to himself and his family, is powerful and gripping.
0.6 1959 Biblical epic has fierce blood-spilling, cruelty.
1.0 Some critics believe that William Wyler's box-office smash is no match for the 1925 silent version, but there's no denying that the race that forms the famous climax is one of the most iconic sequences in Hollywood history.
0.8 Epic in both length and stature, Ben-Hur goes on for-bloody-ever... but the action set-pieces remain unrivalled, even in the age of CGI.
1.0 A masterpiece of epic filmmaking, a profound religious experience and one of the greatest films ever made.
0.4 There is no reason to feel guilty about not loving this mammoth epic.
0.75 The kind of sweeping pseudo-biblical epic that Hollywood was famous for. If not for Heston's weak performance and Boyd's ludicrous one, the film might have been better.
1.0 The film moves with an assurance and majesty hardly seen in modern movies.
1.0 An absolute classic Hollywood epic!
1.0 Awesome spectacle, unforgettable story, Heston's best
0.9 Predictable but magnificent and satisfying.
0.875 One of the most exciting action epics ever made, blustery "Ben-Hur" is filled with over-the-top performances, but memorable scenes.
0.6 Widescreen biblical epic is bloated with spectacle and thin on plot.
1.0 A definicao classica do epico.
0.8 Charlton Heston plays Charlton Heston, but his charismatic macho woodeness carries the film like no other actor of his day.
0.84 An entertaining and compelling drama that may be shallow, but is too exciting and appealing for that to be much of a concern.
0.8 Opening with a full overture played against Michelangelo's ceiling of the Sistine Chapel, you know that you're in for something unembarrassed by its own grandiosity.
0.8 It is one of the most resplendent films you'll ever see.
0.8 ...fairly defines the word 'epic.'
0.9 Ben-Hur is not great art. But it is great fun.
1.0 Still making waves in movies today -- from The Phantom Menace's Podrace to the whole of Gladiator -- little can come close to captivating the grandeur and epic quality of William Wyler's magnificent bum numb-er.
0.4 If a member of cast could save a film, Michelle Williams would be the person to hire, since her central performance in this muddle of a movie is the only thing that stops it being unwatchable.
0.5 a well-made film featuring good actors and which tells an intimate story, but which tries to do too much and collapses under the weight of its own aspirations
0.6 It's an atmospheric drama and a strong turn from Williams, but doesn't tell us anything about ourselves or the terrorists that we didn't already know.
0.333333333333 It ends up being a compendium of bizarre diversions, most of which are utterly surplus to the film's half-cocked desire to stick with the experience and emotions of its main character.
0.2 The movie plunges straight down that treacherous black hole that exists between fact and fiction and the inability to replicate either.
0.4 A big-hearted, well-intentioned but ultimately overstretched adaptation.
0.4 Bridget Jones's (Incend)Diary, Maguire is to be commended for attempting a contemporary terrorist drama, but seems more comfortable in the big-knickered North London fantasy world.
0.6 By then, Incendiary has become a tear-stained monologue about bereavement and resilience - it goes off with a bang, but ends with a whimper.
0.2 Were it not for Williams's Oscar-quality performance, all the more remarkable for the shambolic incompetence that surrounds her, this would be a turkey.
0.4 It's only Williams who gives the film any life but, in the face of these odds, even she's helpless to save it from a one-star rating.
0.2 A silly tale involving an unbelievably young top anti-terror cop, an unrealistic journalist, laughable imaginary letters to Bin Laden and a far-fetched friendship between the mum and the bomber's son.
0.2 After that, cliche piles upon cliche, interspersed with moments of wild unreality and some ill-thought out conspiracy theory. It makes you feel embarrassed for everyone involved.
0.4 While individual scenes work well, the whole simply defies belief. And, because of this, the final polemic which suggests that London, constantly renewing itself, will never be defeated, simply appears hopelessly sentimental.
0.6 But it maintains its connection with us through Williams' fiercely open-hearted portrayal of a woman losing her grip on her life. And this is just emotional and offbeat enough to make the film worth a look.
0.2 Even more problematic is that the Young Woman's lover (the Ewan McGregor one) works for the Daily Express. None of this is calculated to warm your cockles.
0.6 Williams is magnificent in her role -- though they beat the living hell out of her, to a point where it almost becomes ridiculous.
1.0 A blessed reminder of just how good -- and how pointed -- British comedies can be.
0.8 Oh, such fun for older teens!
0.875 Casting Renee Zellweger as this British icon drew plenty of flak. But she proved impossible to not root for while flashing a sweet smile, bunching her body up in a "right-o, old chap" shoulder shrug and waddle-walking in unflattering panties and girdles.
0.75 Just seconds into Sharon Maguire's adaptation of Helen Fielding's beloved novel, it's hard to imagine that there was such controversy surrounding the casting of Renee Zellweger.
0.4 Provides a few laughs but failed to make me care on which loves-me, loves-me-not petal this film ends.
0.6 A cheerfully frothy romantic comedy that benefits from sharp writing, lively performances and touching characterisation.
0.8 Renee Zellweger, a born Texan, not only nails the most beloved woman of modern British fiction but embodies and owns her.
0.875 A ripping success.
0.875 Americans...will find Zellweger's newly acquired English accent believable enough to enjoy her comic performance.
0.8 Si las mujeres son de Venus, Bridget nos hace pensar en que deberiamos tener visado ilimitado para entrar en tierras venusinas con tal de hallar a alguien como ella.
0.75 Witty and sweet.
0.75 Zellweger, Grant and Firth keep Bridget chugging in a goofy, satisfying way.
0.75 Like Bridget Jones, this movie isn't perfect. Just note it in your diary as v.v.g.
0.8 Maguire must be commended for trying something different in an industry where old, tired formula rules the day, and Zellweger is charming even if her character...isn't.
0.8 A bad love life, and even worse underwear, has never looked so good.
0.875 Each facet is studied and turned into a joke for which there is no option but to laugh.
0.5 What audiences found so endearing about this movie escapes me.
0.6 Zellweger nails the part and carries the film.
0.8 Thoroughly enjoyable romantic comedy -- smart, saucy, brilliantly-cast, superbly acted and laugh-out loud funny with pleasing regularity.
0.6 It's almost worth admission price to see Zellwegger be so open with the emotions of the character and with her own personal appearance.
0.875 [Zellweger] blasts through the self-pitying conventions of most romantic comedy to dig out a spirited, surprising, full-blooded woman.
0.25 Even though the leads are good, it's far from enough to make the film worth seeing, unless you wish to waste money and lose two hours of your life.
0.75 Yes, the movie adaptation is just fine, thank you.
0.7 It did a good job balancing comedy and message.
0.875 And I thought romantic comedies had become stale.
0.9 Firth exudes a Ralph Fiennes-like smoldering charisma, taking a role that Fiennes himself would probably never stoop to accept.
0.7 There are astute observations along the way, more than enough big laughs and, in Zellweger's capable hands, a terrific look at a singleton on the verge of a nervous breakdown.
0.75 Zellwegger uses a limitless reserve of humility and vulnerability to capture hearts. She's stunningly sympathetic.
0.75 Bridget Jones's Diary belongs to Bridget. It belongs to Renee Zellweger.
0.6 ...never fully comes to comedic life, seldom reaches out emotionally, and provides few new insights into the perils of love and dating.
0.875 A hugely enjoyable film which will appeal to broken-hearted cynics and hopeless romantics alike.
0.875 Una de las propuestas mas frescas, ingeniosas y encantadoras en mucho, mucho tiempo
0.75 The film plays as efficient romantic comedy -- smarter than most, because of the absence of dumb sitcom conventions and the colourful character of Bridget.
0.875 ...a thoroughly enjoyable piece of work that everyone (yes, everyone) will admire.
0.875 Thanks to terrific performances and a willingness to mix romantic moments with ones of mortifying hilarity, this film rises far above its competition to become the year's first truly romantic comedy hit.
0.875 Renee is simply radiant here.
0.5 It's all supposed to be very charming and funny. Or something.
0.9 Witty, warm adaptation of the post-feminst best-seller, and Renee Zellweger is sensational!
0.75 presents us with a completely flawed, yet utterly lovable heroine who is so fundamentally human that it is impossible not to identify with her
0.875 Not only that, but it is an adult comedy with no bathroom humor ... Hurray!
0.8 What a treat to see a movie starring a real character with real feelings, real problems and real-life issues.
0.8 It's Hugh Grant, cleverly cast against type as a scheming love rat, who steals the laurels.
0.7 It is gloriously and tear-wellingly funny.
0.84 Funny, heartbreaking, inspiring and wonderful.
0.875 Balances laughs and heart while still retaining a touch of that rage against the "smug marrieds."
0.8 One of the most genuinely funny romances for some time.
0.4 How can you celebrate a movie in which Zellweger doesn't soar but simply avoids disaster?
0.8 All power to Firth the actor. He's the compleat Darcy, and he never wavers.
0.75 Where the highly likable actress [Zellweger] proves most valuable is in making us adore this insecure, clumsy, contradictory creature.
0.5 Surely Bridget herself would sniff at the film's soppy sentimentality.
1.0 Zips along at a laugh-a-minute pace and fully involves the viewer in Bridget's little slice of life.
0.75 Women here and abroad are going to laugh with her, cry with her, steam with her, frost with her and totally identify after this gloriously full, heartfelt, generous performance.
0.5 Zellweger and Maguire do a fine job of making loneliness fun to watch.
0.875 A story like this can't work unless we feel unconditional affection for the heroine, and casting Zellweger achieves that.
0.6 Both the character and the film are so charming that it's relatively easy to overlook their flaws.
0.75 This is Renee's film to make or break and she is looking forward to at least one nomination next year
0.9 The film's humor and sauce elevate it from the whining of self-absorbed, unattached women who populate too many books and films today.
0.9 A delicious piece of candy whose amusing package is scrawled with bons mots distantly inspired by Jane Austen.
0.8 Cheerful, cheeky entertainment.
0.625 A pleasing, if somewhat bland, adaptation.
0.875 It's chock-full of delights.
0.75 Zellweger gives this Bridget Jones an absolutely empathetic familiarity that makes the movie feel like an entertaining anthem for the frustratingly forlorn.
0.75 For the most part, novice feature director Sharon Maguire manages to recapture the outrageous situations and the attitudes in the book.
0.5 Badly miscast as the British heroine, Zellweger, in a monotonic performance, never gives us much reason to care.
0.8 Renee Zellwegger is irresistible as Bridget Jones.
0.875 Features one of the most endearing and believable characters to grace the screen this year.
0.625 The story spins artfully up to the climax where it bumps like a firefighter hitting buttocks to floor
0.875 I like this picture--just the way it is.
0.9 Delivers frisky fun for bruised romantics regardless of age, sex or nationality.
0.7 I'll go out on a limb here and predict Zellweger will win at least one People's Choice Award next year!!
0.75 Is it too early to talk about an Oscar nomination for Zellweger?
0.4 Merika empneysmena eyrimata (...) kai dyo entyposiakes ermineies, poy mporei na min arkoyn apo mones toys, alla kanoyn poly perissotera ap' osa tha perimenes gia na se kratisoyn ksypnio stoys halaroys rythmoys.
0.5 I know several folks in military service who wouldn't watch this movie if you paid them.
0.8 Alejado de cualquier rastro de patriotismo, desnudando la complejidad emocional detras de un drama historicamente recurrente que ha sido retratado con frecuencia por el cine norteamericano, aunque esta vez de manera un poco mas intimista.
0.8 It never feels contrived or overwritten, managing to deftly pack emotional punches through the strength of its performances and direction.
0.8 It's a shame so few people will see this on the silver screen.
0.4 Don't let the fact Woody Harrelson got an Oscar nomination tempt you anywhere near The Messenger - the message here is about as welcome as a death knock on a wet Sunday afternoon.
0.6 Although it stumbles on the storytelling, drifting rather repetitively around the lives of its haunted protagonists, it's a rewarding, humane picture.
0.6 An intelligent and well-acted film which deserves its outing here.
0.8 It's a film of quietly assured dramatic clout, a strong and sober reckoning with American conscience.
0.8 Stumbles a little, loosening its grip in the bromantic final stretch. But if impenitent heartstring pluckage is what you're after, this is where it's at.
0.8 This worthwhile drama reports from the home front as the war on terror continues.
0.8 The Oscar-nominated script pursues a grimly honourable task into its grim and not always honourable byways.
0.8 Intimate, powerful filmmaking.
0.6 It's a welcome addition to the increasingly interesting movie canon dealing with the downside of the war.
0.8 [An] unpredictable, episodic, deeply resonant character piece.
0.8 A powerhouse performance full of tragic comic undertones while looking at the psychological effects of war in an original storytelling manner...
0.6 A worthy addition to the canon of Iraq war films, The Messenger has a gentle humanity that creeps under your skin.
0.4 Shame nobody told writer-director Oren Moverman not to shoot The Messenger... before giving the script a good rewrite first.
0.8 It's a tough job but someone's got to do it in a moving look at one of the armed forces' most harrowing details.
0.8 This is a great anti-war film examining the residual effect of war on the people who fight it and the people who are left behind.
0.9 Woody Harrelson and Ben Foster dominate every inch of the screen.
0.9 The worst job in the army isn't cleaning latrines or disarming roadside bombs, it is being back home telling people that someone they love has been killed.
0.7 Viewers will appreciate the work ethic up there on the screen, and how it finds a number of fresh and telling angles on the complexities of the grieving process.
0.7 The two leads give nuanced, lived in performances that unfold slowly but with certain determination.
0.6 The film does lapse into cliche with Foster's descent into alcohol as a means of coping with the daily trauma of the job, but Israeli director Oren Moverman keeps the film rich in raw detail.
0.8 The film is poised, unforced and powerful.
1.0 It's sublime to see Woody Harrelson become Robert Duvall, with grit, gusto and muscles visibly twitching beneath his head. "The Messenger" is draining, but not numbing - an agnostic anthem to the impossibility of applying predictive methods to grief.
0.7 The massage is important, and the acting from Harrelson is incredible.
0.95 The Messenger drives home the point that war is a losing proposition, which has nothing to do with who is victorious on the battlefield. They're the everyday losses of life, of family, of friends.
1.0 A powerful, PTSD PSA for 'Don't ask, don't kiss and tell' advocates.
1.0 A tremendously moving drama, filled with heartbreak, humor and, most importantly, humanity.
0.75 The vignettes of reactions to Montgomery and Stone's grim visits are the meat of the movie.
0.625 ...Foster and Harrelson's respectively striking work is alone justification for the film's existence.
1.0 The bombshell is the news of a soldier's death and the delivery of that message is the heart of this unsentimental, yet deeply moving, story.
0.8 It's Foster's movie.
0.875 The film is premised on the verbal communication of urgent information, yet its many non-verbal moments provide the greatest strength and clarity.
0.875 Harrelson received an Oscar nomination for supporting actor for his grim and volatile performance, but it could just as easily have gone to the quietly seething Foster.
0.6 Hero Without a Cause
0.6 There isn't a single glimpse of battlefield action in The Messenger, but Foster conveys the intensity of warfare in a long speech revealing how Will was injured.
0.89 ...a stunningly sad and sobering movie about the inevitable personal costs of national bellicosity.
1.0 A film that never forgets those who most feel the pain of loss during a time of war.
0.8 The Messenger is the first film from Oren Moverman as a director, and it's a fine piece of work.
0.875 Harrelson gives us layers of hurt under a callous yet needy crust. It may be the best performance of his career and certainly deserves Oscar consideration.
0.6 The Messenger is a film about shock and healing. Forget awe. In a world that avoids the realities of war, The Messenger casts a flickering light on some of the human cost of war.
0.875 As suspenseful -- in its less-violent way -- as 'The Hurt Locker,' as the soldiers bring their bad news to the homes of unsuspecting family members in a series of devastating vignettes, beautifully wrought by director Oren Moverman.
0.75 With the insight and sensitivity of an insider, The Messenger illuminates the sometimes invisible victims of war -- the survivors -- and a pain that is tolerated but never quite healed.
1.0 The Messenger makes it [the death of a soldier] personal. And it is uncomfortable. Well-done movies about the tragedy of war and its impact on ordinary lives are that way.
0.6875 Well acted, bare-bones look at homefront horror, but it's not quite in the same war league as The Hurt Locker.
0.7 Implies without stating, allowing us to understand and interpret the men as we will, without having anything forced down our throats.
0.7 Valiantly brings all wars to their ultimate endpoint: death and its effects on the fallen's loved ones.
0.8 This is the kind of film people might skip due to the preponderance of war movies out there, or forget in the wake of flashier end-of-the-year output, but The Messenger is one to watch for great performances.
0.86 Powerful and resonant, this is a film that asks us to look at the human cost of war. Ben Foster is a revelation.
1.0 An emotionally affecting drama about the birth of compassion in an Iraq war hero assigned to work for the Casualty Notification Office.
0.875 Foster is a revelation, while Harrelson has arguably never been better.
0.5 Beyond the interesting subjects, Moverman doesn't have a definitive place for his film to go.
0.8 It's hard to believe that an actor of Ben Foster's caliber is just now getting a leading role.
0.9 Yes, you're going to have to look for The Messenger. But the fact it's one of the best American films of 2009 makes that search worthwhile.
0.8 This is a powerful war film that never needs to enter the battlefield for you to be fully absorbed.
0.9 This is the type of original film that should be pulling in the box office numbers. Harrelson and Foster deliver completely natural and raw performances. See this movie now!
0.75 I used to think working at the Salt Lake City Hooters was the worst job in the world. Boy was I wrong. That dubious occupational honor goes to working for the Army's Casualty Notification Service.
0.875 The best war movies don't preach against war: They remind us of the costs for soldiers and families and ask us to consider whether those costs are worth paying.
0.95 The miracle of this film is in its insistence on finding a way back home -- to fragile new beginnings giving way to new friendship, perhaps even new love.
0.75 Co-screenwriter/director Oren Moverman slowly peels back the layers to the characters, with the game cast helping considerably in that regard.
0.8 ...[The Messenger] highlights the gulf between those who have served in Iraq and nearly everyone else they deal with after returning home.
0.875 The Messenger involves difficult subject matter, but it's not hard to watch. It's sad and sobering, but also humorous and touching at turns.
0.8 Because of the nature of its subject matter, 'The Messenger' is emotionally charged, but director Oren Moverman and his able cast prevent it from feeling phony or manipulative.
0.75 Foster and Harrelson have a winning camaraderie as they develop a bond of trust and friendship. Both performances are memorable and deserve year-end awards consideration.
0.75 This film doesn't take political sides -- and it's all the more heartbreaking because of its restraint.
0.875 Individually, none of the mini-dramas in The Messenger would be enough to blow you away. But grouped together, they're so beautifully and specifically written that they make for a convincing picture of the first stages of grief.
0.875 This is a wholly different look at the fallout of the Iraq War and its effect on soldiers and civilians. It is also a gentle portrait of grief, friendship and solace.
0.75 A forcefully acted and peculiar emotional drama...
0.8 The Messenger delivers what it has to say without sensationalism or political posturing. That restraint, along with the quality of the performances, makes it all the more powerful.
0.8 Foster leaves you hoping that Will finds his way home.
0.7 One of the rare movies that communicates honestly and artfully about the real casualties of war: the surviving combatants.
0.625 Don't call it a comeback because Woody Harrelson never went away! This film that will remind everyone how good of an actor he is.
0.875 Some jobs are dirtier than others, and after seeing director and co-writer Oren Moverman's beautifully acted new film The Messenger, you'll be better acquainted with some of the most grueling work a human being can be called upon to perform.
0.75 The Messenger is a privileged glimpse into people's private pain, a drama shot with the simplicity and immediacy of a documentary.
1.0 This is a poignant war movie, but it's also a buddy movie with a difference, one that's both funny and bleak.
0.75 Director Oren Moverman's feature-length debut is a little like The Hurt Locker in the way it uncomfortably probes a little-known military organelle.
0.875 The Messenger knows that even if it tells a tearjerking story, it doesn't have to be a tearjerker. In fact, when a sad story tries too hard, it can be fatal.
0.6 This character piece may be for the arthouse, but the artistry has a gaping wound, large enough to allow credulity to seep out.
0.7 Poignant and insightful.
0.25 A shoddy, shouty bore. A piece of flummery.
0.8 A fine bookend to Katheryn Bigelow's The Hurt Locker, showing another side of how the war at home can be just as rigorous as the one abroad.
0.875 Moverman understands the deep, powerful struggle that must accompany such constant grappling with death.
0.6 A somber drama about intimate wartime tragedies, Oren Moverman's debut feels more respectful than real.
0.8 Oren Moverman's sober and satisfying drama shows how the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq have created a fissure in American society.
0.85 Messengers with the worst possible message, they nonetheless manage to be human and alive .... In a film that itself bears sad tidings about the costs of war, that is an affirming, even an inspiring, gift.
0.75 The Messenger is a successful examination of the harsh realities of war that too often are put in the back of people's minds.
0.75 Together, under the assured direction of first-time feature filmmaker Oren Moverman, these three actors tell a story that is at once hard-hitting and bizarrely gentle.
0.8 Just don't watch this and The Hurt Locker back to back or you'll need to refill your anti-depressants when you're done.
0.6 It's worth seeing for Foster's performance anyway, and for a brief and excellent one from Steve Buscemi as a mourner.
0.625 For all the film's gritty verisimilitude, The Messenger is not the great Iraq War movie that Kathryn Bigelow's The Hurt Locker is.
0.8 Intelligent, graceful, and touching filmmaking.
0.875 No quote available.
0.875 The Messenger, showing humanity under siege, opens wounds inflicted by the Iraq War -- not on the battlefield but in the hearts of the families of soldiers who never made it back home.
0.75 What The Messenger has going for it is some sober, straightforward direction from Oren Moverman and a few strong performances.
0.6 As the lonely, complex and friendly Stone, Harrelson evokes the experience of The Messenger as sturdily as a freshly pinned medal of valor.
0.9 This film will be too much for some viewers because of the spot-on antiwar statement but the story is tight and the performances powerful.
0.9 A devastating debut helmed with immense power and control ... Foster, a rising talent whose career brings to mind Edward Norton, is tremendous.
0.75 These largely self-contained vignettes are harrowing, the source of a font of raw emotional release that could never be otherwise captured except through a presumably invasive documentary process.
0.8 Another dark, gloomy drama about home life during wartime, this film features some seriously great performances and a theme that will resonate powerfully with thoughtful audiences.
0.8 Although Hollywood has dealt with the war from various perspectives, Moverman's film offers a new angle that brings the horrors home about the decision to go to war.
0.875 At once enchanting and emboldening...
1.0 It is the most dynamic animated film ever made, and the prance of its camera, the sense of penetration into its action, the brilliantly paced editing pyrotechnics give it a crackle of life far more abundant than any feature that's come before.
1.0 It's cartoon Cocteau, but just look at the children's faces as they watch it.
0.875 It's exceptionally difficult to make an audience care for animated characters unless they're mermaids or anthropomorphized animals or insects, yet the Disney animators, with a big assist from the vocal talents of a superb cast, have pulled it off.
0.75 Beauty and the Beast is certainly adequate holiday entertainment for children and their more indulgent parents... But the film has little of the technical facility, vivid characterization and emotional impact of Disney past.
1.0 Remains as wondrous and beautiful as ever.
1.0 Pure fairytale escapism that doesn't boast any digital trickery, celebrity voiceovers or unnecessary action.
1.0 Disney's most perfectly achieved combination of animation, story-telling and song must surely be this loving tribute to the old fairytale.
0.6 There's no doubting the craftsmanlike elegance of the film, summoning up with relish the spirit of classic fairytale Disney of the 50s and 60s...
0.8 Unsubtle perhaps, but never fails to hit the right notes.
0.8 Magic.
1.0 Reaches a level of artistry, sophistication and musical excellence that's still to be bettered by the Mouse House - or indeed its rivals.
1.0 The greatest animated film ever made and one of the screen's great musicals hardly needs this (3D) sort of sprucing up.
1.0 I admit it: I wrote this more than 20 years ago. But, like " Beauty and the Beast" itself, I think it stands the test of time.
1.0 Disney, please understand ... what people are actually showing up for ... they just want to see classic Disney on the big screen. The 3D is incidental.
0.9 Watching this in a theater definitely makes it feel less like a "cartoon" and more like a significant film. Cogsworth poking Le Fou in the butt with a sword aside.
1.0 One of the brightest jewels in Disney's crown, Beauty and the Beast's 3D reissue takes nothing away and makes the film's brilliance even easier to appreciate; the movie is more beautiful and timeless than it ever was.
0.75 The lines have begun to show in Belle's tale, which remains enjoyable but feels more like a quaint artifact than the masterpiece it once was declared to be.
0.8 Both TANGLED EVER AFTER and BEAUTY AND THE BEAST are sure to enthrall audiences everywhere, even if the 3D doesn't really add much of anything to this animated classic.
0.75 What you gain in an extra, faked dimension you lose in lively, genuine beauty.
1.0 The 3-D pops out to enhance the drama or energy of scenes in which settings are large and integral to the action.
0.6 Beauty and the Beast looks beautiful and is sure to entertain, but this experience is superfluous at best-it was already a three-dimensional story long before these new technics.
0.375 Better remembered than seen, Beauty and the Beast has been treated unkindly not just by the years that have passed since it was released to enormous acclaim in 1991, but by a faddish 3D conversion.
1.0 The ultimate makeover story has strong, positive messages.
0.75 ...an above average (yet far-from-flawless) animated endeavor.
1.0 With its strong characters and lively storytelling, animated or not, this deserves its place alongside the cinema greats.
1.0 As far as "Classic Disney," Beauty and the Beast pretty much has it all. Y'know, for kids. [Blu-ray]
1.0 A classic story of redemption, love, purity and friendship - a film worthy of our love and attention.
0.9 This beloved 1991 film has never looked better, and seems even more magical in Blu-ray.
1.0 Beauty and the Beast is one of the year`s most entertaining films for both adults and children.
1.0 This isn't merely the best of the princess features; it's very close to being the best Disney movie of them all.
1.0 A dramatic, comic, exciting, suspenseful, joyous, and robustly magical adventure that has the bracing feel of a 3-D movie at times and approaches sensory overload.
1.0 Some of the film's ideas, which are both campy and subtle, may not be kids' stuff, but like all good movies, Disney's enchanting fairy tale operates on many different levels and thus can be enjoyed by viewers of all ages.
1.0 The best of all the Disney cartoons
0.625 Belle is so decidedly positive in every regard, so simplistically shaped to meet the desires of all audience members (both dreamy little girls and feminist objectors), that she ultimately fails as a character
0.375 She falls for a hot-tempered manimal, but is it any coincidence that he showers her with gifts the whole time?
1.0 The artistry of the animators, who combined traditional painting with computer-generated images, stands up to the best that the Disney empire ever produced.
0.9 ...filled with charm, wit, romance, humor, and plenty of songs and music.
0.7 Not quite the masterpiece we once thought.
0.9 Revoke my Cynic Badge if you must, but I say this one comes real close to the Disney Classics of yore. (I said "close!")
1.0 Una obra maestra que los hara reir, llorar, emocionarse y pensar que la vida, aunque solo sea por unos momentos, es maravillosa.
1.0 The finest Disney feature-length animated musical ever made
1.0 Ten years later, it's still flawed and still quite fascinating.
0.9 A nostalgic feast, drawing shamelessly on the best traditions of screen animation and American musical theater and film. Thoroughly derivative but thoroughly charming.
0.8 It's not an especially scary movie, but right from the start, you can tell that this Beauty and the Beast has a beauty of a bite.
1.0 For once, the Disney hyperbole was right--the film is, indeed, a timeless cinema classic.
0.875 Entirely captivating from beginning to end -- INTERVIEW w/Director Kirk Wise.
1.0 It may be a cliche to call a fairy tale enchanting, but no other adjective suffices as the film still has the wit, slapstick, and romance to enrapture children and adults alike.
1.0 This is the only animated film ever nominated for a Best Picture Oscar, and you'll see why.
0.7 The new version is amazingly sharp with backgrounds that look like Impressionist paintings.
1.0 Slipped around all my roadblocks and penetrated directly into my strongest childhood memories, in which animation looked more real than live-action features.
1.0 Not only the finest animated movie ever made, but deserves a prominent position on any list of all-time greats.
0.6 A thing of beauty for our kids, something they deserve.
0.75 If you don't have kids, go anyway.
0.5 Saleem developed Exit Strategy out of a Web series - and it shows.
0.6 A fine little fable of business world mores that has the gross misfortune to turn into a horror film at a time when nobody quite knew what horror was.
0.875 Mike Nichols' underrated 1994 hybrid not only of wolf and man, but also of satire and horror...an eccentric film that may well be regarded, decades hence, as a movie classic. [Blu-ray]
0.6 With the always edgy, slightly demonic, and predictably unpredictable Jack Nicholson as the wolf man, it actually works . . . almost.
0.8 Worth it to see Nicholson the wolf in fang-to-fang battle.
0.8 Up until the rote ending, an elegant and witty take on the werewolf story.
0.8 On the surface a literate werewolf thriller, the subtext of Mike Nichols' Wolf is a sharp critique about what it takes to succeed in the cutthroat corporate world.
0.4 Plenty of Howl, Little Bite
0.4 Cerebral werewolf yarn that just doesn't work.
0.4 Never succeeds in recreating the classics.
0.6 'Jack Nicholson as a lycanthrope' is an interesting pitch, and it makes for a decent enough film.
0.6 A different approach to the werewolf saga, aided by Nicholson's bizarre performance
0.79 It is movies like Wolf that reinvigorate the movie fan lurking inside us all, showing us that commercial and artistic success can truly coexist in modern cinema.
0.75 An excellent movie directed by Mike Nichols.
0.4 Nichols tries mightily to put a new spin on a very old tale, but try as he might, he never gets much off the ground.
0.6 Nicholson as a werewolf is kind of redundant, isn't it?
0.625 Monster movies are supposed to frighten the audience; this one fails utterly in that arena.
0.75 Most of the way, Wolf is quite satisfying, and Nicholson is in top form.
0.75 It's a wonderfully entertaining and beautifully performed film.
0.75 An effective attempt to place a werewolf story in an incongruous setting, with the closely observed details of that setting used to make the story seem more believable.
0.875 Garbo is stunning.
0.6 Not Garbo's greatest but it has a curious charm.
0.7 A glamourous and romantic conception of the latter days of the life of the Dutch dancer and courtesan who was shot as a spy by the French in 1917.
1.0 A brilliant exploration of the challenges facing homosexuals in other parts of the developed world.
0.7 Intense intimate look beyond tragic premise of Romeo & Romeo across Israel/Palestine wall. . . Suspense thrillingly builds to options the lovers have [for] romantic optimism.
0.75 It's one of the most powerful films about the Arab-Israeli conflict that has ever been attempted on the screen.
0.75 "Out in the Dark" isn't a political film by any stretch, but the intrigue and prejudices of the Arab-Israeli conflict certainly fuel the romance and thrills of this entertaining, taut movie.
0.625 By the end, Nimr and Roy have become heavy-handed symbols for the ongoing clash of ideologies in the Middle East. "Out in the Dark" fared better when it treated them as people.
0.7 Even though the plot defies credibility at several points, "Out in the Dark" is gripping, and Nimr's tearful exile from his family breaks your heart.
0.7 Ratchets up the tension on its appealing lead characters in believable, heartfelt ways while spinning out an edgy tale fueled by do-or-die sociopolitical intrigue. It's unique, powerful stuff.
0.5 Instead of looking for depth or verisimilar romance, director Michael Mayer turns his characters into mere cogs in a pseudo-suspenseful thriller.
0.4 About 45 minutes in, the film's uneasy detente between subtlety and movie machinery fails outright ...
0.7 Though it's rather clumsily scripted, formulaic in structure and sometimes contrived, Out In The Dark is strengthened by its subtext and elevated by tender, affecting performances from the leads.
0.4 Borders on the boring.
0.6 [Conveys] a palpable mood of claustrophobia, which gives the desire of the characters to escape abroad a convincing emotional resonance
0.6 There's romance and tragedy, but little depth and no nuance.
0.6 An intimate and affecting drama that slowly turns suspenseful, but the second act lacks focus and the chemistry between the two main actors just isn't strong enough.
0.8 By turns dynamic, dangerous and bursting with passion, Out In The Dark is a stark, swoonsome romantic drama.
0.8 An intimate and immersive drama.
0.6 A sometimes over-simplified but often affecting look at forbidden love.
0.7 Sociologically, the film is fascinating; dramatically, it is a borderline disaster.
0.5 Though by no means an unbearable watch, A Promise is almost as much an exercise in patience for its viewers as it is for Friedrich and Lotte.
0.4 The main drawbacks are the grey decorousness of the pacing and visuals, and Richard Madden's unsympathetically flat playing as antihero Fritz.
0.6 Nonetheless, at its best, it has some of the same qualities as Ophuls' [Letter from an Unknown Woman].
0.6 When a French filmmaker travels to Belgium to film a German story in English, it's hardly surprising that the resulting movie feels somewhat awkward.
0.4 The lack of chemistry between Madden and Hall drains the film of energy and their unrequited longing is often unintentionally amusing.
0.2 If you only watch one Stefan Zweig-inspired film this year, watch The Grand Budapest Hotel. If you watch two, see The Grand Budapest Hotel twice. Awful.
0.4 A particularly languid, slow-burning period drama.
0.2 After a while, I didn't know where to look. Anywhere but at the screen.
0.4 It's a curiously flat affair, the passage of time never really evoked and - with the exception of a wheezing Rickman - the acting lacks any dramatic, let alone romantic, spark.
0.4 This film simply isn't very good!
0.2 Perhaps the added strains of working in a foreign language was its downfall - this is Leconte's first film to be made in English - although you wonder if the result could have been any worse if he'd been directing in Tongan.
0.6 Inoffensive as living room wallpaper, though that's hardly a recommendation.
0.4 Despite decent performances, a promising dramatic set-up leads to little of real interest.
0.4 Gabriel Yared's score works hard to rouse emotion but when the most exciting scene involves a rat, the erotic frisson clearly isn't happening.
0.4 The actors are smoothly professional and the production feels polished. But it's hard to recommend a romance without passion, no matter how pretty it looks.
0.5 Patrice Leconte struggles to find a coherent rhythm, a problem exacerbated by a hurried running time that compresses some of the novella's more interesting socio-political nuances.
0.4 The only thing complicated about Nancy Meyers' latest rom-com is its depiction of familial relationships. Why do Meryl Streep's adult children keep on cuddling and squeezing one another?
0.6 Alec Baldwin does the near impossible: he steals a Meryl Streep film from Meryl Streep.
0.6 While it may be complicated for the characters, it's a simple formula for light movie entertainment.
0.75 A charming cast of veteran pros are at the top of their comic game.
0.8 an occasionally pleasant misfire, a romantic comedy that, despite its bright premise and superlative cast, isn't as smart as it should be.
0.4 The Oscar talk surrounding It's Complicated is some way off, it's not a bad film, but it's certainly nothing to get excited about.
0.2 click to read full review
0.875 Streep finally gets her chance to cut loose -- and her frisky, flirty Jane is a comic revelation.
0.4 Ao menos e consistente em sua mediocridade, errando ate o ultimo instante.
0.75 Rollicking and ribald, 'It's Complicated' is a comedy about passions and people 'of a certain age.'
0.7 The 'yuppie-bohemian' culture prevalent in most films of this nature remains uninspired, and while the Adler's affair may be complicated, the plot isn't, but as a perfect example of what the right casting will achieve, it remains very watchable.
0.8 A refined, balanced and eminently funny film, featuring three sublime performances from its incredibly talented leads.
0.625 ...an affable and downright breezy romcom romp.
0.75 A fun and sweet romantic comedy that lands comfortably on the smart side of vacant, along the way offering a pleasant and satisfying diversion for the grown-ups in the room.
0.4 Like all Meyers' films, it's more about interior design porn than real human emotions and drags on for far too long. Still, Streep, Krasinski and Baldwin are so good, they almost make it work. Almost.
0.6 Streep is as enjoyable as ever, and if laughs count for anything, this is one of the better romantic comedies of the season.
0.6 It's Complicated is the kind of wholesome adult-oriented entertainment that once formed the bedrock of classical Hollywood.
0.6 For me, Meyers's romcoms have been unwatchable because of the utter fakeness of their leading players: but I must confess, Baldwin and Streep do have that most over-analysed thing, "chemistry."
0.6 No one's calling it great art. But as an indulgent confection, it's more filling and less embarrassing than we had any right to expect.
0.6 While making a few pithy observations about the mid-life condition, it's no more complicated - or profound - than a racy issue of Hello!
0.6 Not too sickly-sweet, but not sour either - still, Meyers' sex-with-the-ex comedy is an entertaining poke in the eye for Hollywood ageism.
0.8 Mixing elements of frisky French farce with middle-class American comedy, It's Complicated is a daffy and delectable spree.
0.6 It's Complicated is the best middle-aged romcom since Julie & Julia. If you loved Streep in that or Mamma Mia!, you're also going to like her a lot in this.
0.8 Meyers steers a middle course between saccharine and sentiment with her latest, a warm, witty and wise rom-com focusing on the mating habits of fiftysomething Californians. Think Sex And The City for seniors.
0.4 An almost unbearably twee look at three wealthy people in a love triangle.
0.6 It's Complicated is another Streepshow, like Mamma Mia, that illustrates the power and willingness of Hollywood's best actress to slough inhibitions like Salome's veils.
0.2 On it drags, simpering the while over the lavish accoutrements of upper-middle-class life as though they contained the key to all happiness - which, in Meyers's worldview, they probably do.
0.4 A slice of pure Hollywood hokum overstaying its welcome by at least 15 long minutes.
0.8 This is escapist fluff, pure and simple, but it's given a huge boost by some deliciously funny scripting from writer-director Nancy Meyers and a trio of ace lead performances.
0.6 It's all very contrived and terminally nice. Probably too nice for its own good.
0.2 The erroneously titled It's Complicated revels in reducing smart, intelligent women to mewling morons whose ability to attract the attentions of past-their-prime leading men somehow counts as progress.
0.625 Meyers has a finger firmly planted on the pulse of what makes people in the middle of their lives tick, although it would help if she didn't make her characters work so hard to get out from under all of that enviable production design
0.6 Watchable, if overlong and underdeveloped romcom that just about survives Nancy Meyers' bloated direction thanks to strong comic performances from a perfectly cast Streep and Baldwin.
0.7 While It's Complicated may not be as complicated as it wants to be, it has just the right amount of appeal to put a smile on your face...
0.625 A scrubbed-clean fantasy, the story of privileged people living lives taken straight from catalogs.
0.6 It's Complicated may not be all that complicated after all, but at least it's entertaining enough, thanks to Streep and Baldwin.
0.75 Baldwin, Martin and Meyers stage an ensemble comedy that's among the funniest movies of 2009.
0.4 Meryl Streep is surprisingly awful in this movie...one of her very worst performances.
0.6 I'm not sure I'd want to download a podcast of Meryl Streep or Alec Baldwin reading the instructions to a 1040 form, but I'd imagine both could make the material become more pleasantly vibrant.
0.6 There's something enjoyable about silly romantic comedies that centre on middle-aged people for a change, especially when the characters are as well-cast as these. And even if the film is both over-long and rather pointless.
0.625 "It's Complicated" will be for middle-aged women what the latest "Transformers" sequel is for teenage boys.
0.4 It's abundantly clear that the Martin character, a sweet, sensitive 60-ish man who's a good listener - and an architect, to boot - is Meyers' version of the ideal male.
0.5 It may be complicated but it's not funny and with this cast it should be.
0.9 For all the complicatedness of the emotions Streep and Baldwin navigate, it's still a smooth ride to huge grins and hearty guffaws, with excellent performances.
0.4 It's complicated. Oh wait, no it's not. This film is a classic example of rich people's problems.
0.625 Writer-director Nancy Meyers surprisingly goes too easy on the character of Jake, a decision that leaves a bad taste and drains some of the fun out of this otherwise agreeable (if rarely uproarious) bauble.
0.5 [Meyers has] given us her thinnest slice of comic relationship angst yet, proving, I guess, that you actually can be too thin.
0.625 Writer-director Meyers, who's devoted much of her career to midlife American arousal, that she loses her sense of fun.
0.875 Simply put, It's Complicated is a hoot.
0.75 The movie works because the audience can identify with Jane's life, even if they can't identify with her kitchen.
0.5 Meyers has a good feel for contemporary comedy; ita(TM)s reality, however, that slips through her grasp.
0.5 More sitcom than screwball, Meyers' films are more interesting to talk about -- Why aren't more movies aimed at this demographic? What does the popularity of these films say about mature women and their relationships? -- than enjoyable to watch.
0.75 It's Complicated thankfully isn't %u2013 as a romantic comedy, that is. It's pretty straight forward, funny stuff, bolstered by terrific performances and a script that zings.
0.2 The only person in the cast who knows how to portray comedy in film is John Krasinski...only when he is on screen does the movie come alive, and that's not enough.
0.75 It's Complicated proves Nancy Meyers has the aging rom-com genre to herself - and it's in very good hands.
0.6 It's Complicated is basically Wild Hogs for smart people, big stars playing below their gifts in a crowd-pleasing movie.
0.8 There is a line of dialogue spoken by Meryl Streep that is worth the entire price of admission.
0.75 It's a spirited rom-com with 3 strong leads who can do any number of brilliant comedic turns in their sleep. Or in their kitchens. Or in an assortment of beds, where the fun truly heats up.
0.6 There are some giggles here, but most of them are coming from Streep as she goes through her litany of coy indecisiveness ending with the desired reaction.
0.6 Streep and Baldwin turn in two fearless performances. They play to the film's strengths perfectly, overpowering its defects
0.87 Refreshingly mature, funny and endearing with a terrific cast and razor sharp dialogue. Meryl Streep sizzles in a sexy, bold and honest performance. It's an intelligent American romcom with a very French sensibility.
0.8 Working from a slight script that rarely surprises, the superb cast makes an otherwise mediocre cinematic exercise into something that, if not profound, at least entertaining, at times, even moving
0.6 Parents will dig this over-50 romcom, but kids won't.
0.875 Baldwin steals the film with his gleeful naughtiness.
0.9 It's Complicated isn't. This is straight-ahead, sophisticated comedy, an evolution of what Doris Day, Rock Hudson and Tony Randall did in the 1960s.
0.625 It's refreshing watching mature adults in a genre usually reserved for the youth market.
0.75 It's Complicated unleashes an unabashedly, desperately romantic side of Baldwin that we haven't seen before. He doesn't steal this movie so much as grant all Streep's fluttering and twirling and hand-fanning an exuberant counterweight.
0.625 Streep is clearly having fun playing a romantic lead. Why she hasn't gotten more offers for these kinds of roles is anyone's guess. She also has a lot of chemistry with Baldwin and Martin. All three of them are reason enough to see the film.
0.625 There's nothing inherently wrong with a little fantasy; indeed, a lot of us like gazing at lavishly set tables and meticulously chosen throw pillows. But It's Complicated suffers from terminal niceness.
0.375 Does anyone else think it's too soon for Nancy Meyers to be remaking Something's Gotta Give, a movie she wrote and directed just six years ago?
0.5 Nancy Meyers never pushes for a hard truth when she can reach for an easy laugh. She's like an industrial device, stamping out 100 percent pure-plastic midlife female fantasy.
0.5 Actually, Hollywood, it's very simple: If you're lucky enough to rope pros like Meryl Streep, Alec Baldwin and Steve Martin into a formulaic comedy that's clearly beneath them, you rise to the occasion.
0.875 The romantic comedy about a divorced couple having an affair manages to be both light on its feet and heavy enough to deliver something of a message.
0.6 The truth is that everyone needs a little coddling, which could be the key to Ms. Meyers's peculiar talent: She pampers her audience shamelessly.
0.75 I enjoyed the spectacle of middle-aged people making spectacles of themselves. And I appreciated the film's gentle understanding of how the romance of a parent affects the children.
0.9 For Streep, as always, acting is anything but complicated.
0.5 A movie that's one-third hilarious is better than no thirds at all, but look at the cast: Meryl Streep, Alec Baldwin and Steve Martin. Doesn't that promise a somewhat larger fraction of laughs?
0.375 Meyers completely fails to find the strengths of the actors: Streep is too giggly, Baldwin is too bombastic and slapsticky, and Martin is too shy.
0.75 There is charm to be found in the simplicity of fine comic performances, which It's Complicated has in its leads and at least one supporting cast member.
0.8 I laughed in It's Complicated more than in any other film this year. Comedies, especially those for thinking adults, don't get any funnier than this.
0.4 just not a film interested in working very hard
0.4 It's Complicated is a nice two hours of fantasy -- think of it as Avatar for Eileen Fisher customers -- but it's as predictable as it is pretty, and as totally disposable as it is temporarily distracting.
0.875 Snappy dialogue and an up-tempo pop soundtrack add to It's Complicated's entertaining mix as director Nancy Meyers proves again that she has a deft hand with rom-coms.
0.7 Meyers manages to offset most of the usual rom-com pitfalls just by passing the ball to Meryl Streep or Alec Baldwin.
0.5 Meyers does her job pretty well. She's a clever contriver, adept at adding a patina of apparent relevance, even a veneer of feminism, to situations that are otherwise bogus and artificial.
0.625 It's Complicated is a rearrangement of the goods in Nancy Meyers' bakery, and some of them belong on the day-old shelf.
0.5 Meyers' usually enjoyable brand of glossy escapism fails her here, resulting in a movie that's not nearly complicated enough.
0.625 Yes, it coulda had more laughs, but in the spirit of seasonal good cheer, let me predict that the best-chocolate-croissant-making montage in Hollywood history is going to help this one clean up at the box office.
0.75 With a story that by turns defies and adheres to formulas, It's Complicated ends up being one of the end-year's best sources of pure entertainment.
0.5 Meyers uses musical montages and shoots the principals doubling over in laughter in place of crafting witty dialogue. Escapism has its place at the movies, but something this slick is like a lavishly wrapped but empty Christmas present.
0.2 A romantic comedy in which Meryl Streep, but not the audience, laughs a lot.
0.4 Insipid and borderline insulting.
0.625 The empowerment message is obvious, the strain of trying to be "hip" and edgy in the script shows. But Meyers sets the table for funny people to deliver laughs.
0.2 It's not complicated: this movie sucks.
0.625 Meryl Streep and Alec Baldwin don't elevate this Nancy Meyers comedy as much as they save it from itself. It has all the earmarks of a door-slamming French sex farce, but without the messy subtitles.
0.75 It's simply a good time, a relatively adult and easygoing conveyance for three ace performers of a certain age, working through a few comic machinations created by writer-director Nancy Meyers.
0.75 What is appealing is to see a romantic date movie in which the protagonists are well past puberty and are likely AARP members.
0.5 It's clear I'm out of the demo for this one, which fetishizes interior design and home furnishings almost as much as the sex. But a substantive plot larded with more laughs would have made my thoughts much less conflicted.
0.25 The character names are irrelevant as the plot's a hoary, hokey pretense to gather under the stars.
0.625 You don't have to feel guilty for lapping up this froth. Just don't expect nourishment.
0.8 A smart, sophisticated and downright hilarious comedy.
0.45 When a movie with such a high pedigree feels so uninspired, you have to wonder whether there's any hope whatsoever for the romantic comedy genre.
0.4 Self-righteous and obnoxiously condescending.
0.9 If you're in the mood for a delightful, middle-aged romantic comedy, this is your ticket. It's a glossy holiday confection that's chock full of laughter.
0.5 Jay Jonroy, who wrote and directed David & Layla, has come up with some potentially funny material that doesn't quite work.
0.625 The road to formulaic romantic-comedy complications and ethic cliches is paved with good intentions in first-time filmmaker Jay Jonroy's cross-culture love story, which might as well be called My Big Fat Kurdish Wedding.
0.625 My Big Fat Muslim Wedding!
0.625 Anyone can grasp the issues explored in Jonroy's comedy, and occasional missteps are easily forgiven when something new (along with a feast of great-looking food) is being brought to the table.
0.3 David and Layla is proof, if proof be needed, that good intentions just aren't enough.
0.375 David and Layla isn't going to solve any problems -- it's got way too many of its own.
0.4 Rather than a real drama about these things, David & Layla plays like '70s-era sitcom.
0.625 Humor and politics finally converge in what the story is all about: finding the good in those different from you. It's a happy ending that can be enjoyed by all.
0.375 The effect is not a rich film with a wide range of tones as the director may have intended, but a schizophrenic mess that ends up working as neither social message movie nor entertainment.
0.5 There is nothing poetic about it.
0.6 Though it's no Romeo and Juliet, David & Layla is an offbeat cross-cultural romance with a positive message.
0.4 If the story had stuck to its guns as a political thriller, it would have been fantastic. However, the sideline story of a codependent lover made things screech to a halt.
0.86 Makes you wish the makers - and especially the funders - of today's overblown big budget thrillers could be made to learn from some of the finer thrillers of the 1970s.
0.7 for complete nonsense, it's really quite entertaining
0.875 Pollack excels by establishing an interesting situation, sustaining it, and--in keeping with the paranoid-thriller genre--resolving it on a pleasingly ambiguous note. [Blu-ray]
0.7 The film still makes a dandy suspense yarn, with plenty of twists and turns.
0.75 ...an efficient exercise in Watergate-era paranoia.
0.875 This taut espionage thriller gained greater plausibility during its shooting when a sudden raft of sensational post-Watergate news items began coming out of Washington regarding illegal wiretaps, surveillance, and killings motivated by [politics].
0.6 Stylish and absorbing espionage thriller
0.8 Taught spy yarn for its time; Redford as always watchable.
0.875 Three Days of the Condor is a well-made thriller, tense and involving, and the scary thing, in these months after Watergate, is that it's all too believable.
0.8 Excellent paranoid thriller with an unforgettable opening
0.8 At its best moments, Three Days of the Condor creates without effort or editorializing that sense of isolation -- that far remove from reality -- within which super-government agencies can operate with such heedless immunity.
1.0 Redford, Dunaway, Von Sydow, Cliff Robertson and John Houseman turn in superb work, and the film is as pure a thriller as one could hope for, with a gripping premise, hurtling plot and a marvelous air of menace.
0.8 First-rate spy flick made by and with experts
0.6 Fine espionage thriller that features great performances by Redford and Dunaway. It's not perfect, but it's pretty close.
0.625 fascinating cultural artifact in its reflection of post-Nixonian government paranoia, but it doesn't make the most of its potential
0.6 Both entertaining and very intelligent thriller.
0.375 Fans may enjoy their Idol songs and parents may appreciate its wholesomeness, but there's little else to recommend in this throwback to the '60s Beach Blanket movies.
0.25 What's depressing about From Justin to Kelly, whose title seems to refer to the text messages he sends her, is that it's been made without a lick of love, skill, or, apparently, money.
0.4 Idol film expands 15 minutes of fame.
0.2 The movie is billed as a romantic musical comedy. You coulda fooled me.
0.0 Watching them lock lips feels like incest propaganda: Justin and Kelly are offspring of the same publicity machinery, after all
0.3 From Justin to Kelly is bad, but Glitter is still worse because Glitter thinks it's a great movie.
0.0 From Justin to Kelly is just one of those films, a bottomless well of snark fodder that may come and go in theatres but will surely be spun innumerable times on DVD at parties in the years to come.
0.0 Moulin Rouge ... Chicago ... From Justin to Kelly ... two steps forward and then about 16 steps back for the film musical.
0.5 Fans of the television show may show up for this one, but given that an American Idol sequel has already ended its run, audiences are likely to find it stale.
0.4 It's more dumbfounding that so much time is wasted on a cast of unknowns, second-stringers granted solos long before Kelly or Justin take center stage. Why not support with other first-season alums?
0.5 Messages that read 'I O U A BRGR. U GAME?' ... propel the plot forward. Alas, all the scenes in which Prince hijacks the cell phones have been left on the cutting room floor.
0.25 It was produced by people who saw nothing in it but a few quick bucks, filled with songs that no one would want to hear again and starring two people who have no business at the center of any movie.
0.3 I don't think any young A-list duo could have triumphed over this production.
0.25 I hope they don't wait this long for Rubin's film.
0.6 A pleasant little boy-meets-girl musical.
0.2 Move over, Mariah Carrey, there's a new kid in town and she's got a movie that out-Glitters Glitter.
0.25 [From Justin to Kelly] is basically a more wholesome MTV Dance Party, the musical festivities interrupted every so often to search for a plot.
0.25 From Justin to Kelly may be right out of the Frankie Avalon and Annette Funicello scrapbook, but that's not the movie they are making here.
0.25 From Justin to Kelly [is] completely awful.
0.2 The entire movie is vaguely unsettling.
0.375 An 80-minute cavalcade of music-video-style numbers, strung together with little fits of dialogue for pretty, gym-toned performers who are given the names of characters.
0.25 Arguably the most insipid movie released so far this century.
0.25 From Justin to Kelly is 81 minutes of beach blanket bunkum, with the cast of cute kids bursting into song every now and then to cover up a romance that never ignites.
0.25 Despite all the constant discussion of raging hormones, hot babes and whipped-cream bikini contests, the movie is Disney-clean and curiously asexual.
0.2 Not many people really expected From Justin to Kelly to be any good. But was it too much to ask that it at least have a plot?
0.1 I realize this effort wasn't intended for the likes of me or most anyone over the age of early teendom. Yet, did it really have to be this bad and painful to witness?
0.0 Now I know how all those people felt 21 years ago when The Pirate Movie came out. This will make all the 12-year-old fans in the audience want to take up smoking, drinking, impregnating and aborting.
0.5 [Guarini] is a hopeless case. ... [But] acting lessons and a costume designer who can flatter her non-anorexic figure could turn Clarkson into a movie star.
0.625 Where are Frankie and Annette?
0.375 The would-be romantic comedy is a PG-rated musical that's as dull as dishwater.
0.375 This movie is a joke, and I know it as both critic and fan.
0.5 A sweet, innocuous musical romance, the cinema version of a carnival's cotton candy.
0.5 This too-many -generations-removed copy of Where the Boys Are (1960) is crammed with energetic but artless musical numbers that feature lip-synching multitudes and uninspired choreography.
0.2 Why assemble a movie that the majority of American Idol's audience would be embarrassed to go see?
0.125 The choreography is flat and lifeless; the pop songs are thoroughly disposable, mass-produced trash; and the lip-synching and sound mix have to be some of the worst ever for a big studio motion picture.
0.375 ...schmaltzy...sitting through the bubble gum banality of FJTK is enough to make poor Beach vets Frankie and Annette (and the rest of us for that matter) bury their delusional heads in the sand.
0.75 A gloriously cheesy movie, the guilty pleasure to beat this summer!
0.25 It's sad that after Moulin Rouge and Chicago worked so hard to resurrect the musical, From Justin to Kelly had to go and kill it all over again.
0.125 From Justin to Kelly has the potential to be almost cultishly kitschy if the songs were even remotely interesting, but they're just more of the same trite pop garbage we've come to expect from our American Idols.
0.0 Some people wait a lifetime for a turkey like this -- and for them,'From Justin to Kelly' will provide a holiday feast. ...a spectacularly wretched musical melodrama.
0.8 Enjoyable first film in the "talking baby" genre.
0.75 With his sarcastic delivery, Willis has the ideal voice for the part. Alley and Travolta are affable enough, but the story itself is ordinary and merely passes time.
0.6 A stale idea that actually works, largely due to the capable cast
0.6 surprisingly funny
0.4 Better than its sequels -- that's not saying much.
0.4 Grating but surprisingly popular
0.6 It's a gimmick, but it works.
0.25 Cute is the operative word for the movie, which stars some good actors doing material that is not super.
0.6 A cute movie that heralded the return of Travolta and unfortunately also spawned a franchise that would not die.
0.8 Travolta merges into middle age in this surprisingly winning family comedy.
0.5 The audience around me found it funnier than I did; for me, Look Who's Talking is a one-joke movie that wears out its welcome rather quickly.
0.75 This fairly unlikely idea for a movie turns into a warm and lovable comedy, although I still don't think it needed the voiceovers from the baby.
0.6 As strong as the music is, there's not much tying Rent together; it's a series of sequences, not a story.
0.3 film, za razliku od predstave, daleko bolje isti%u010De jednodimenzionalnost i neuvjerljivost likova
0.5 Recommended, but only for shut-ins who can't make it to a local live theater production of the play.
0.5 For all the big themes Rent deals with -- love, death, injustice, community -- it still seems a bit superficial
0.4 Fans of the original stage production won't be disappointed, but as a film it's frequently tedious and way too long.
0.625 Beautiful cinematography and great acting assure an enjoyable experience for fans of the musical, but there are better options for people who don't already love it.
0.375 It comes off like a sequel to the ever-annoying Fame where the kids never moved out of New York or learned anything from Debbie Allen.
0.6 Even more universally entertaining than "Chicago"....the performances are sensational..you'll be definitely humming some of its tunes in the car ride home
0.8 Despite my frustration at the willful stupidity of some of the main characters, I had to just sit back and let all that beautiful singing wash over me.
0.6 If you are a fan of the show, you will very likely enjoy the film.
0.75 What we're left with, in place of directorial pizzazz, is the sheer impact of the original show.
0.625 Rent features an attractive cast, sharp lyrics, bright music and a storyline that has passed muster for over 100 years
0.2 People are always jumping up on tables, bartops, any flat surface available, as if to say 'Who needs nice furniture? Let's scuff the world!'
0.8 The material is real, and Columbus goes at it head-on, moving from dialogue to song and back again without awkwardness or apology.
0.5 Rent, for all its feel-good desperation and plague-battered bonhomie, arrives in theatres with the curious but unmistakable air of an artifact from another time, even another world.
0.875 "Rent" is worth saving up for.
0.8 Columbus has made his finest, most emotionally rich film yet.
0.5 The outre flip side of Friends... Larson's Big Apple is smaller and seedier than most, and ripe for parody.
0.68 For those who dig Larson's vision, Rent is a wild, emotional rush through the cold streets and tattered bodies and souls, with gripping music to boot.
0.625 Although it is indeed an entertaining and noble attempt to bring the hugely popular Broadway musica Rent to the big screen, something is unfortunately lost in the translation.
0.4 There were times where I was convinced that '525,600 minutes' wasn't a lyric, but the actual running time of the film.
0.75 Easy to like and even easier to hum.
0.5 "Rent" needed to be directed by a Martin Scorsese or a Spike Lee, a director with both a gift for gritty material and a confidence and familiarity with shooting New York City.
0.75 while I can admire the film for its efforts, Rent comes across as a somewhat lackluster performance when compared to the stage version that I so dearly love.
0.375 A stylistic mess all around.
0.8 Rent reminds me of the first Harry Potter in many ways, in that it's directed modestly well but without any flair or personality
0.875 The cast is uniformly amazing, but special mention must be made of Rosario Dawson, who's sexy as hell and a surprisingly great singer.
0.75 Rent works best as a centaur creation: half-movie, half-play, plunging into theater world in all its mindless, cheesy, sentimental splendor.
0.5 RENT is mediocre and recommended only to those who can claim a familiarity with the play.
0.375 A mediocre, unimaginative, inefficient filmmaker, Columbus delivers a Rent that isn't so much bad as perfunctory.
0.4 something more is needed than a thumbed nose at convention to make a work dazzle and RENT, the movie, doesn't dazzle, in fact it's barely able to stifle a yawn
0.625 'Rent' has come to the screen too late to have any real impact...
0.75 Rent may not be the same transformative experience on film as it was on the stage, but Jonathan Larson's creation is strong enough to withstand a shift in mediums with plenty of its appeal still intact.
0.5 Wait for the 'rent'-al.
0.6 Onscreen, the musical numbers at times feel episodic and the narrative loses momentum.
0.4 It seemed to be what a modern Judy Garland/Mickey Rooney musical would turn into if the characters were hooked on heroin and AZT.
0.4 Yes, they may warble about poverty, AIDS and rebellion, but it's hard to care.
0.75 ...that rare musical that just might appeal to folks that ordinarily shun the genre.
0.375 'Five hundred twenty-five thousand, six hundred minutes.' These opening lyrical lines of Rent also seem to describe how long it takes for a viewer to sit through the movie.
0.9 Chris Columbus has managed to make his first great film. (this despite the odious characters who we're supposed to love)
0.8 Vibrant, energetic, exuberantly powerful
0.625 In a stagy way, Chris Columbus' adaptation captures this Generation-X attitude toward relationships with pinpoint accuracy -- even if it captures little raw emotion.
0.625 Director Chris Columbus has done what any smart filmmaker would do with a musical and let the songs dictate his movie.
1.0 When all is said and done, "Rent" is a celebration of life, no matter how you are forced to face it. ...a testament that all of us should live those 525,600 minutes like each one is our last.
0.625 Most of the musical numbers aren't stylized (a natty tango number is an exception) but based in a Hollywood-gritty reality that at times feels silly.
0.5 The scourge of rock-opera, a musical mutation that manages to combine the least savory elements of both with the advantages of neither.
0.875 If nothing else, the movie reveals Jonathan Larson's musical to be an illuminating time capsule of a wild period immediately before and after the scourge of AIDS.
0.75 Treasuring what Larson and his young cast did, Columbus has made it vital again, showbizzy but only sometimes corny.
0.75 Rent offers rambunctious rock 'n' roll moments not seen on-screen since Hair and Fame.
1.0 The strong cast matches a score and a script with enough rich humor and humanity to entice viewers.
1.0 Don't miss Rent.
0.625 In terms of its music and lyrics Rent flickers more than it flames.
0.4 They're saying Rent was of its moment. They're saying that moment has passed. So the point of making the movie is . . . ?
0.625 Rent takes to the streets of New York and convulses in song and dance for nearly two solid hours.
0.75 Now a vastly larger audience has the chance to experience the masterwork of a prodigiously talented man who died far too young.
0.5 Why is it that struggling artists who sing, paint or write about their struggles usually seem to produce the worst art?
0.9 RENT continues the excellence that Moulin Rouge and Chicago forged for the rebirth of the cinematic musical.
0.9 Inspired by La Boheme, its emotions are still operatic, but the score, for the most part, is good old rock 'n' roll.
0.8 Larson's music has been given an intoxicating urgency, and the performances are outstanding.
0.625 The music and direction feel generic but the cast deserves credit for squeezing every possible drop of emotion out of the material.
0.375 You'll hear more soul in your parents' scratchy collection of Ray Conniff albums.
0.5 Too often seems like a late-season American Idol episode that's all Abdul encouragement without any Simon snarkiness.
0.625 Besides these soaring, grand slam sequences, the film dips too often into thudding melancholy, lifeless numbers or dangling subplots.
0.625 Rent falls betwixt and between the odd intimacy of theater and the glorious bigness of film -- and vice versa.
0.625 [Columbus] launders the grit right out of Rent, choosing to give the movie the glossy and faux shadowy look of a Bud Light commercial.
0.75 If you fell in love with the big-hearted sentimentality of Rent when you saw it onstage, the film version will remind you why.
0.8 Definitely fits in the tearjerker category... so if you want something besides holiday cheer, there's no day like today to check this out.
0.5 Yes, Rent is about penniless artists who can't afford to eat or pay their electric bills. But must their straits extend to the threadbare filmmaking, too?
1.0 If Rent works -- and most of the time, it does so flawlessly -- it is because it remains Rent.
0.125 Broad stereotypes engaged in shallow versions of complex issues.
0.5 There's a moment in which Roger (Adam Pascal), the burnout rocker, singingly accuses Mimi of looking 16. She could have easily retorted, "You look 40."
0.2 No wonder these idiots are broke.
0.7 Though the storyline is sparse and it's about 30 minutes longer than it needs to be, there's still something about it that's hard to shake.
0.625 If you have any appreciation for the art of the movie musical, Rent is pretty much a washout.
0.2 Rent is commodified faux bohemia on a platter, eliciting the same kind of numbing soul-sadness as children's beauty pageants, tiny dogs in expensive boots, Mahatma Gandhi in Apple ads.
0.5 Rent showcases the hipster trend of getting nostalgic about grime and crime: it's slumtimental.
0.625 Ultimately, the emphasis on flash disengages viewers from the story's emotional core, which is the exact opposite of what Larson intended.
0.7 Chris Columbus's film affirms that Rent belongs in the pantheon of immortal musicals celebrating the self-dramatizing and resilient spirit of youth.
0.625 Those who haven't seen Rent on the stage will sense they're missing something, and they are.
0.625 [Afield] from its off-Broadway origins, but the intimacy afforded by the camera and...most of the original cast occasionally restore the emotional vitality of the piece.
0.7 If nothing else, it's now a revisitable, visually represented document of a very good show.
0.375 Think Angels In America crossed with Tommy created by someone with no training in the world of drama or songwriting.
0.875 Once it develops ... Rent is a moving, emotional film with some exciting music.
0.8 one of the most refreshingly exuberant films of the year
0.625 The film should please fans who helped make the play a hit and its soundtrack a bestseller -- but it is unlikely to spread the love to many new converts.
0.75 The soul of Larson's then-timely passion play is intact; bring on the Sing-A-Long version.
1.0 Viva la vie boheme. ...largely throws out the Hollywood rule book and remains refreshingly true to composer Jonathan Larson's Pulitzer-winning original.
0.625 This is a well-constructed and achingly earnest movie that should be put in a time machine and sent back a decade, when it was relevant.
0.25 Whatever qualities powered Rent to its numerous theater awards and long run onstage are missing from this charmless floperetta.
0.5 Without the immediacy you get from live theater, you're always going to feel at arm's length listening to people sing simple bits of dialogue like 'I'm so mad I don't know what to do,' or, um, 'Hello.'
0.625 If Columbus had a concept for the movie, it's not evident, and many of his decisions feel random.
0.875 An emotional, exhilarating experience, Rent is alive with such boundless energy and joy that it is one of the year's most purely entertaining cinematic efforts.
0.5 No amount of confident theatrical pedigree will carry a movie musical in the wrong directorial hands.
0.625 In a lot of ways the film treatment many fans have envisioned for years, and that's the problem; it doesn't quite communicate how special and affecting the material is to those unfamiliar with it.
0.5 The film's reliance on too many thematically obvious (though marvelously belted) group songs delays evocative conversations like an overdue rent check.
0.35 Proves that lame musicals tend to make even lamer movies.
0.4 Get a job for God's sake, people, and bring back some better songs while you're out.
0.5 [How is it?] Loud and shrill. Bring earplugs. Seriously.
1.0 Spend some of the 525,600 minutes allotted to you this year with this soulful rock musical and it will speak passionately to the romantic and rebel within you.
1.0 Mr. Columbus, I apologize for doubting in you!
0.625 One would have to be made of stone not to respond to at least something in this vivid score, and it sounds marvelous.
0.6 Seeing this musical journey reduced to a screen with speakers is like staring at the Mona Lisa through a layer of glass. It just doesn't have the same impact.
0.8 I haven't seen this much tightly packed multi-talent squeezing the melodic and emotional juices out of a ripe theme since Fame in 1980.
0.75 Barbara Sarafian provides a full-bodied portrait of mature female strength as a mother named Matty in Moscow, Belgium.
0.625 The movie just can't decide whether it likes romance or disdains it, whether it wants to be dark or bright.
0.625 There's nothing special about the story in Moscow, Belgium. But the lead performance? Very special.
0.75 A romantic drama, interwoven with bright ribbons of humor.
0.6 Moscow, Belgium feels not only like a movie from another culture but from another world.
0.75 As Matty, Sarafian is a marvel as she changes from a gray moth to a girlish butterfly, and Delnaet is delightful as the slightly dangerous Johnny.
0.7 A European-style chick flick where all the women are wonderful and the men jerks. Unlike the American genre, this is one men can actually sit through and enjoy
0.75 Few films tackle the question of whether a man with a history of domestic violence can learn to love again -- and fewer still do it in a subtly comedic and charming way.
0.8 Nothing will ever be easy for any of these characters, and that is why we care about them so.
0.875 Emotions run deep but are never overdone.
0.8 Director Christophe Van Rompaey takes the oldest story in film, "boy meets girl," and turns it into something fresh and new with sparkling performances by Barbara Sarafian and Jurgen Delnaet.
0.95 Masterfully blends romance and comedy in a refreshing, endearing, life-affirming and unHollywood way without feeling contrived, corny or convoluted.
0.75 Moscow, Belgium is a romantic comedy with a different flavor. Although it follows many of the familiar patterns that characterize movies of this genre, it does enough things differently to allow it to step outside of the norm.
0.75 The way Belgian actress Barbara Sarafian plays the opening sequence you're not sure if you're entering a tragedy, or a tragicomedy, or what. The film turns out to be "or what." It's also worth seeing.
0.75 Notice how deeply the director, Christophe van Rompaey, has drawn us into these lives, how much we finally care, and with what sympathy all the actors enter into the enterprise.
1.0 My pick for best romantic comedy of the year--from any country.
0.7 With no shortage of wit and ample awareness of the human condition, Moscow, Belgium revolves around a complex female character, wonderfully limned by Barbara Sarafian.
0.75 A pleasing alternative to the season's Oscar-baiting movies.
0.6 The steady attention to detail in Moscow, Belgium lends it a texture rarely found in films about domestic life.
0.6 A feisty romantic comedy about a middle-aged woman who realizes that she has a few options still left whereby she can transform her life.
0.375 The aspirations of this quirky Belgian import might be feel-good indie, but the copious flaws smack of pure Hollywood drivel.
0.4 Ultimately Angel-A never takes flight, weighted down by an overabundance of metaphysical cliches stolen from other films.
0.5 The film settles into a laid-back groove that is, how shall we say, endlessly boring.
0.8 Besson gives the movie a warmth and charm all its own...
0.5 ... a visually sumptuous, dramatically inert fable ...
0.5 A gorgeous-looking film whose crisp, black-and-white photography is unfortunately much more thrilling than its simplistic, cloying story.
0.6 Besson's black-and-white angel fantasy is a weak homage to Wings of Desire, if that's what he was shooting for.
0.4 An ultimately dull nonaffair.
0.6 It's compelling largely due to its appealing cast.
0.625 Angel-A is a not very persuasive argument on behalf of heavenly intercession, but its co-star, Rie Rasmussen, will make you believe in intelligent design.
0.5 Besson... cribs heavily from Wings of Desire and Heaven Can Wait. If he had thought of it, he would have dressed someone in an Anaheim Angels jersey to elbow your ribs that much further.
0.5 ...the characters here are so unlikable that it's hard to care what happens to them.
0.75 What's at once refreshing and disorienting about the way Luc Besson -- one of the most interesting international visionaries at work today -- handles the story is his attempt to de-romanticize one of the most idealistic and sublime formulas around.
0.875 Luc Besson returns to his roots in this delightful, funny and stylish fantasy. Shot in gloriously crisp black and white, it's also a bit of a throwback to the French New Wave for its technique and dazzling location vignettes across Paris.
0.625 You desperately want the story, and the characters, to make some kind of emotional sense. This, however, does not happen.
0.8 Besson excels at stories about rough characters who are saved through their relationship with a more civilized character (as in The Professional and La Femme Nikita). Angel-A adheres to that paradigm, but it also has more soul, humor and warmth than those
0.875 Beautifully shot and superbly acted...
0.5 [The] plot is warmed-over Capra, and it's no wonderful-life yarn.
0.5 The strained fairy tale feels like writer/director Luc Besson's effort to move beyond the pop giddiness of La Femme Nikita and The Fifth Element to a mature statement about issues important to him, but the effort overshadows the message.
0.75 Angel-A drops by most of the touristy Parisian hot spots and, shot in the glorious black-and-white of Henri Cartier-Bresson, makes them all look spectacular and gritty at the same time.
0.625 Besson's dialogue is often inane, occasionally sounding like it is copied verbatim out of a new age self-help manual.
0.625 It seems Besson can be sentimental about Paris but he's still not ready to get too romantic with people.
0.625 This Parisian fable is a talkathon, affecting a silly toughness, but the sights are good to see again.
0.5 If you'd like a look at Paris in all its splendour, look no further than Angel-A. Just be sure that in order to see Paris in all its splendour you don't mind sitting through a silly little comedy with a dopey ending.
0.25 Feels like a mash-up of It's a Wonderful Life and Xanadu, without the wholesome sweetness of the first and the campy excesses of the second.
0.5 The movie doesn't aspire to be anything but a lightweight pastiche that rehashes your memories of other, better movies.
0.375 Angel-A is all icky fantasy.
0.5 Surprise, surprise - Luc Besson envisions a celestial being as a leggy, skinny super model.
0.625 We all have our own view of paradise, but as long as Besson has Arbogast, his camera and those surreal bare Parisian streets, his schlocky heaven enchants the eye, if not the mind.
0.5 To call Angel-A unconvincing would be an Eiffel Tower-sized understatement.
0.75 The overall experience of the movie is of something fresh. And while it inhabits a pretty rough world, of Parisian gangsters and loan sharks, the film has a warm spirit.
0.625 Besson conjures up some astoundingly gorgeous visuals, mainly a dreamy, neon-drenched, throbbing Paris.
0.5 The [angel] turns out to be Stuart Smalley, parking Andre in front of a mirror so he can tell himself he's good enough, he's smart enough, and doggone it, people like him.
0.3 Angel-A is one of the most gorgeous movies I have ever despised.
0.6 An intriguing drama about a quirky leggy blonde angel who comes to Paris on a mission of mercy to show a self-destructive and petty man his worth.
0.625 Besson's sniggering conception of Angela as a pure spirit in the body of a high-end hooker is just juvenile, and Andre is, frankly, a drag.
0.625 Visually arresting but flawed. Its strongest asset is the stunningly poetic cinematography by Thierry Arbogast.
0.625 As a drama, Angel-A does not rank as a great movie, but as an homage to Paris, it is sensational. For this viewer, at least, that is good enough.
0.625 Nice as this quietly philosophical mood may be for Besson, it's a little wan for moviegoers, and following on the heels of Arthur and the Invisibles, Angel-A seems less like a detour in his career than the beginnings of a wrong turn.
0.625 If Besson's eye is Angela, though, his writing is Andre: awkward, misshapen and earthbound. Andre must learn a lesson in self-esteem that would have embarrassed Capra -- maybe even Oprah.
0.625 The beautiful black-and-white photography -- and disappointingly sappy ending -- are the only remotely sober elements here, thanks to Besson's loopy script and Debbouze's very funny turn as a loser who simply can't believe his luck.
0.7 Angel-A works as a romantic comedy about opposites meeting cute and desperate in the City of Light, whose bridges and facades are nicely rendered by cinematographer Thierry Arbogast.
0.5 Angel-A never finds the heart in a promising It's a Wonderful Life premise.
0.6 It won't hurt you, and it's easy on the eyes.
0.625 Not an especially surprising or eventful story, it is, nevertheless, a reasonably satisfying little tale of a character down on his luck who finds out that life can be tolerable after all.
0.5 In essence, you get It's a Wonderful Life meets Wings of Desire, swapping out the substance for self-help platitudes. If you can get past that, you can enjoy it as a 90-minute look at a lovely postcard.
0.7 Clearly Besson's most personal film, a gorgeous and romantic travelogue of Paris locations. Rie Rasmussen is quite glorious in her first major role.
0.7 A witty, edgy cross between Amelie and It's a Wonderful Life.
0.3 Begins as playful comedy about a crook who meets a beautiful woman and ends as dreadfully dumbed-down remake of Wings of Desire.
0.375 Besson's first behind-the-camera outing since 1999's The Messenger is as skeletal as his model-turned-leading lady.
0.6 There's as much credibility in this match-up as color on the screen.
0.75 This lighter-than-air bauble proves a pleasurable diversion indeed -- as long as that heart beating inside your chest has at least a mild propensity for the romantic. Bring a date.
0.5 full review in Greek
0.875 A visually arresting odd-couple comedy that reveals itself to be, quite literally, It's a Wonderful Life with a bimbo!
0.6 Genial performances and a pleasing plot are elevated to the stuff of cinematic majesty by Thierry Arbogast's glorious monochrome photography, which recalls the Parisian vistas of the nouvelle vague.
0.4 The whole film's easy on the eye thanks to the Parisian summer setting, photographed in creamy black and white. If only the romance wasn't so monochrome too...
0.6 The film looks terrific - Besson shoots his beloved Paris in gorgeous black and white photography that recalls both Wings of Desire and It's A Wonderful Life, both of which Angel-A happily steals from.
0.4 Good looking but tedious.
0.75 One of the first Hollywood movies to preach for accord between Native Americans and white civilization. While the liberal ideology is commendable, the portrayal of Cochise by white actor Jeff Chandler is not.
0.8 Has the matter-of-fact look and careful pace of a precinct-house procedural.
0.8 The deep cynicism would be depressing if it weren't so riveting.
0.875 Regarding Michel Piccoli's Max, Claude Sautet's film resists judgment, neither condoning nor signposting the despicable nature of his choices.
0.75 a funny movie about the sexes that doesn't diminish either gender in its execution--a tougher task, obviously, than one would presume.
0.5 What Happens in Vegas has mediocre direction and a strained screenplay, so how can it be any good? What carries the film is its two stars. If Ashton Kutcher bothers you, you'll probably hate What Happens in Vegas. If Cameron Diaz leaves you
0.375 Another predictable romantic comedy, one that insists that spending time locked into an unhappy marriage doesn't breed contempt, but sows love. [Blu-ray]
0.6 The combined verve Diaz and Kutcher bring to the table saves a routine time-killer from being entirely forgettable.
0.4 I only wish they'd have spent more time drunk and in Vegas in the whole movie. Alas...
0.3 From seeing this movie and talking to several moviegoers, I discovered that there are two kinds of people: people who like Ashton Kutcher, and people who don't.
0.125 Should have stayed, not in Vegas, but elsewhere in the state of Nevada. How about those mountains where they are supposed to store the radioactive waste?
0.625 Both Kutcher and Diaz are in full-on desperation mode, straining in each scene to prove they can still be relevant, showing flashes of the charm that made them famous in the first place.
0.2 During the screening, I tried to come up with as many synonyms for the word "excruciating" as I could.
0.4 attempts nothing novel in its retelling of the couple who don't realize that they are perfect for each other, aside from positing an unsavory new popcorn topping
0.6 (Vegas) isn't a horrible film but it is not worth spending your money on to see in theatres.
0.4 ...one of those bird-brained contrivances that would be over in no time if any of the characters had a lick of sense...
0.6 Pleasantly forgettable.
0.5 It's a sure bet you'll realize "What Happens in Vegas" is a by-the-numbers romantice comedy within the first 15 minutes.
0.25 Like many Vegas weddings, this mean-spirited "romantic comedy" only makes sense if you're drunk.
0.5 ena Tzak Pot sta klise poy paradoksos leitoyrgei anapanteha apotelesmatika, kyrios hari stin yperballoysa karikatoyristiki apeikonisi ton haraktiron poy se stigmes ftanei to anegkefala ksekardistiko kai sti himeia toy zeygoys ton ermineyton
0.6 Hardly a massive gamble, Cameron Diaz and Ashton Kutcher play a safe romcom hand you can tolerate.
0.2 What happens in this seriously flawed would-be romantic comedy is Nothing Much.
0.5 It's less obnoxious than Fool's Gold, less forced than Made of Honor and less formulaic (well, by a sliver, anyway) than 27 Dresses.
0.25 What Happens in Vegas is a sorrow attempt at a romantic comedy. So let the saying stand What happens in Vegas, should stay in Vegas.
0.5 Ultimately, What Happens in Vegas resembles a drunken night in Sin City; when it's over, you don't really remember what happened except that it wasn't good.
0.7 Two fresh stars elevate the material into solid entertainment
0.6 Kutcher has talent and potential. It has been his misfortune to attach his star to people who aren't up to the quality of his talent. He has time to correct this, but the clock is ticking.
0.75 I can't recommend it as a must-see date night getaway, neither will I discourage audiences looking for a little bit of mindless rom-com fun. And given the likable nature of the film's two stars, this trip to "Vegas" coasts by on just enough charm to make
0.375 The colorful second bananas' bawdy badinage turns out to be a lot funnier than that of the co-stars who have little more to offer than their looks and sexual chemistry going for them.
0.625 Wants to be liked so badly it's afraid to do anything that might actually make you respect it in the morning. In that sense, it works. It's a 99-minute PG-13 airplane movie good for a few chuckles and another notch on Rob Corddry's widening comedy belt.
0.625 Kutcher and Diaz both make good with what they have, but they deserve better.
0.7 With likeable actors like Ashton Kutcher and Cameron Diaz who aren't afraid to go over the top for comedy, What Happens in Vegas turned into a pretty good film.
0.25 Scream, scream, scream. When did writers get the idea that what audiences find really funny in comedies is screaming? A full-out assault on your senses, the film isn't just bad. It's painful.
0.625 What Happens in Vegas contains enough unbridled silliness to salvage its lowbrow high concept.
0.5 What Happens in Vegas refuses to take a gamble. Like a bleary-eyed gambler repeatedly tossing a pair of dice, it tiredly goes through the motions.
0.5 When a movie depends on supporting characters to tell the audience just how good the romantic leads are together, you know you're in trouble deep.
0.75 Here's a romantic comedy that is goofy, highly implausible, sometimes over the top, often in bad taste, and resolutely empty-headed. In short, it's the best example of its genre to appear on the screen this year.
0.25 What happens in Vegas is nobody has much fun.
0.375 We all know what happens in Vegas -- and we know, without having to watch it, what happens in this movie.
0.25 Considering that the title of the movie was conceived by the Las Vegas Convention and Visitors Authority, it's not a huge surprise that What Happens in Vegas is stocked with product placement.
0.5 Directed by Tom Vaughan and written by Dana Fox, who also wrote the excruciating The Wedding Date, this film often seems improvised, and not in a good way. Some setups go nowhere, and some jokes never get set up at all.
0.4 Screenwriter Dana Fox (the dreadful Wedding Date was hers) and director Tom Vaughan can't find much fun or romance in this. What Happens in Vegas ... offers none of the surprises that screen comedy so desperately needs.
0.375 It's called What Happens in Vegas, but it should have been called What Happens in Hollywood as it pretty much defines contrived studio comedy.
0.375 For an idea of the level of wit, several gags are built around the name 'Dick Banger'.
0.4 While Diaz and Kutcher make their cliched characters as likable as possible, you can bet on this: Any movie named after an already-stale ad campaign isn't likely to gamble on the unexpected.
0.75 By being a smidge smarter than the average date movie, it makes the first-time meeting, the battle of the sexes and the bumpy course of true love entertaining despite overfamiliarity.
0.375 What Happens in Vegas is about as bubbly as flat champagne. While aiming for an intoxicating blend of high-energy comedy, the romantic comedy's predictable story, and the lack of chemistry between stars Diaz and Kutcher, don't leave it withmuch of a kick.
0.5 The latest uptight chick/slacker dude romantic comedy is so formulaic, you could win big if you placed bets on what's going to happen next.
0.4 What Happens in Vegas feels oddly stilted yet desperate, as though its principals felt the need to overcompensate for the too-neat symmetry of opening scenes with over-the-top violence and bright orange tans.
0.5 It's a testament to how good casting can help a film and bad writing can hurt it even more.
0.4 None of this is anything we haven't seen countless times before in rom-com land, of course, and it would be giving the filmmakers way too much credit to say they have entertainingly tweaked a winning but cob-webbed formula.
0.75 The outcome of What Happens In Vegas is obvious, but the journey there is fun.
0.25 Who knew the title wasn't simply clever (inviting the rejoiner 'stays in Vegas') but a dire warning of a bad movie ahead?
0.625 Though likely not a film you'll remember a month after seeing it, it does hit most of the right notes for a good date flick.
0.25 When it was over I felt vaguely embarrassed. I wasn't just leaving a movie theater. I was taking a walk of shame.
0.5 The supporting players save What Happens in Vegas from rom-com infamy.
0.5 ...one can't help but wonder if there's anything of interest left to say within this increasingly stale genre.
0.5 I like to learn something every day. In this case I discovered a harsh truth. You can have slapstick without the comedy.
0.4 What Happens in Vegas is a clever concept lamely executed.
0.625 What Happens in Vegas . . . boasts the not inconsiderable appeal of good-looking people having a good time -- even while having a bad time.
0.4 Bland enough to make millions as culture edges closer to oblivion.
0.375 What Happens in Vegas should damn well have stayed in Vegas. Instead, the thing has leaked out as a movie that, one grey morning this week, swiped 100 minutes from my life.
0.2 Amid the bright lights, Cameron Diaz and Ashton Kutcher fail to generate even the faintest of erotic sparks.
0.25 not a complete lost cause, but no one tries to emerge from the icky goo known as mediocrity
0.2 The end result is easily the worst romantic comedy that you will find in theaters this weekend (or possibly this year) and yes, I am fully aware that "Made of Honor" is still playing.
0.25 Are you laughing yet? Are you moved by these incredible insights? Are you, most likely, looking for the exits?
0.3 I just don't know what to make of a scene in which a judge sentences two selfish jerks to "six months hard ... marriage," but I'm simply too old and too smart for material this insipid.
0.0 A distinctly awful cover version of 'I Want A New Drug' plays on the soundtrack and is a direct thought to the audience who is going to need something a lot stronger to make it through this unrelentless excuse for a romantic comedy.
0.4 As tepid romantic comedies go, they forgot to pack the fun. This one should have stayed in Vegas.
0.3 The battle for the human heart has official morphed from witty, sophisticated banter between star-crossed lovers to something akin to mixed martial arts.
0.4 'What Happens in Vegas' has a similar structure to 'Knocked Up,' only it has neither the unplanned pregnancy, nor the laughs.
0.375 So moronic it almost makes the recent mediocre Made of Honor seem sophisticated by comparison.
0.25 Despite the presence of some likable, funny people, it's a painfully unfunny romantic comedy that makes you dislike those same people intensely.
0.5 The film gives a transparent spin to the saying that whatever happens in Vegas stays in Vegas, but Diaz and Kutcher bring a surprising sweetness to their generic roles and the story's contrived situations.
0.3 What Happens in Vegas, one of those junky time-wasters that routinely pop up in movie theaters, won't make you laugh much or at all.
0.4 The overall sour tone and worn-out feel of the movie overwhelm any positive aspects.
0.375 So many things, small and large, erode any sense of fun here. The movie looks like crud -- like it, too, stayed up and drank all night.
0.4 Though a notch above Made of Honor on the tolerability scale, Vegas takes a shot at love with all the romantic know-how of Tila Tequila.
0.2 You can take what happens in Vegas, keep it in Vegas, and keep the rest of the us out of it.
0.4 What Happens in Vegas . . . should have stayed in Vegas. Or in New York, where most of this predictable, uninspired film takes place. Or in Hollywood, where such lamebrained ideas are hatched.
0.375 While watching insipid romantic comedies, I often cling to the comic supporting characters as my life preserver.
0.6 With a script that only barely hangs together by the skin of its teeth, this romantic comedy survives on the considerable charm of its terrific cast.
0.6 The plot is both feeble and ridiculous, but this still delivers more than its fair share of laughs, thanks to terrific comic performances from Kutcher, Diaz and supporting players Rob Corddry and Lake Bell.
0.6 While Diaz and Kutcher work through their stock repertoire of winsomeness, the second bananas steal the show.
0.6 Raunchy romantic comedy has a softer side, too.
0.6 This breezy confection should work well corralling it's target demo to come up triple 7s for Fox if the marketplace can handle yet another rom com.
0.625 Sadly, about the nicest thing I can say about What Happens in Vegas is that I didn't hate it -- although I suppose that's something.
0.5 Like Mr. and Mrs. Smith without the action or The Break-Up with less depth--if that's even possible...
1.0 Essential Sternberg.
0.75 Undoubtedly one of the most romantic movies of all time...
1.0 ...a bittersweet celebration of romantic frisson - the notion that our most precious moments of connection are often the fleeting ones.
0.8 Two strangers quickly fall in love, discuss big ideas.
1.0 The combination of optimism, tragedy, and the fuzzy warmth of new love is absolutely flawless.
0.9 the film asks us to consider the very nature and purpose of our existence in a fragmentary, superficial and transient universe.
0.97 Linklater hasn't just crafted a detached portrait of a unique couple: he's painting a masterful examination of human nature, of that relationship we all want, but too often sadly see slip away.
0.8 Acting tour de force that feels exceptionally real
1.0 Hawke and Delpy keep the tone not only afloat but mesmerizing. So natural are their performances that it seems impossible not to believe they truly are soulmates who are locked in a doomed, all-too-short affair.
0.8 Inspired by Godard's lyrical film-essays, Linklater revisits his unreleased debut (also set on a train), while paying tribute to Rohmer's cerebral moral fables. Though narrower in scope, this film is more mature and generous than previous efforts.
1.0 E como testemunhar duas pessoas se apaixonando uma pela outra em tempo real: algo simultaneamente magico, comovente e de partir o coracao.
0.6 While it's a bit awkward and self-indulgent, it also creates two extremely vivid characters and one of cinema's more believable romances.
1.0 One of the great screen romances.
0.75 Seemingly improvised and entirely natural but still structured and splendidly directed by writer Richard Linklater.
0.93 This story of angels is really an examination of what it means to be human -- in the most profound sense but via the smallest, most trivial details.
1.0 A beautiful, literate and romantic piece of cinema.
1.0 How brilliant is Wings of Desire? Understand that Peter Falk is playing himself - that is to say, he's playing actor Peter Falk, who happened to be an angel himself until he elected to become human decades earlier.
0.8 The cinematography by Henri Alekan is simply astonishing in its spare yet lyrical quality.
1.0 How much Eurobabble are you willing to endure in exchange for a look at one of the cinema's most ravishing and compassionate screen visions?
1.0 a film of sheer visual poetry and deep emotional resonance
0.875 It's hard to think of another movie of its era that makes the viewer so fully feel like a denizen of its setting; the roving, dollying, craning camera makes angels of us all.
0.875 A gorgeous and heartbreaking look at angels in Berlin.
0.9 Depending on your tastes, you'll find the film either a beautiful, moving experience, or a slow and pretentious one.
0.93 What Wim Wenders has done in his most transcendent film is not merely praise assenting angels, but embrace descending ones - we humans - as well.
0.8 While it takes a little getting used to, Wenders' look at Heaven and Earth and the tug between living an experience instead of merely observing is pleasantly haunting.
0.9 A rich, mystical near-masterpiece.
0.8 ...a fascinating and enchanting character study and moral lesson that never preaches but gently transports you to a better place and a far more comfortable feeling about life.
0.8 Wonderfully imperfect, but a gem to those willing to follow along
0.5 Startlingly original at first, Wings of Desire is in the end damagingly overloaded.
1.0 ...philosophical while still becoming hypnotic.
0.75 ...like no movie you've ever seen. At once mesmerizing and perplexing, this is a film about love and despair and the choices mortals have in dealing with each.
1.0 The film evokes a mood of reverie, elegy and meditation.
0.2 I died a little bit inside.
0.4 Richelle Mead's sharp series of young-adult novels might have been better off being adapted for longform TV, rather than the big-screen blunting they cop here.
0.2 Joining the painful list of Goth-drenched Twilight franchise wannabes - Mortal Instruments, Beautiful Creatures, Dark Shadows - comes a half-baked, yappy stab at blending sexy Undead girls into a teen high school comedy..Even hardcore Goths will be bored.
0.2 I thought it was a complete mess. I thought the teenage dialogue was puerile and that was a shame because Daniel Waters wrote the screenplay for HEATHERS, which is one of the really nice films about school but that was a long time ago.
0.5 It is so silly, so convoluted in terms of plot, but so insouciant that it almost gets away with it. Almost.
0.2 The screenplay by Daniel Waters, the director's brother, is stuffed with puerile dialogue, all the more disappointing given that, back in 1988, he wrote one of the best school movies, Heathers.
0.5 Previous teen films from brothers Daniel and Mark Waters had a lot of bite, so it's sad their first collaboration is a toothless horror-adventure-comedy-romance motivated by The Weinstein Company's eagerness for a Harry Potter-meets-Twilight franchise.
0.4 It was almost touching to reach the end of Vampire Academy and find that it not only left itself open for a sequel, but seemed so certain of that eventuality that it set one up.
0.4 Vampire Academy occasionally plays as if it's on fast-forward, rushing from one moment to the next without providing much reason to care about what's happening[.]
0.4 It's not a complete disaster, but even the appearance of Gabriel Byrne, as Lissa's uncle Victor, fails to make much of a dent in the slapdash proceedings.
0.2 A fast-paced yet foolishly fanged fable...
0.125 When the dream sequence killing off the cast is better than everything afterward, you MIGHT have a script problem... This is why we can't have good vampire movies.
0.7 I'm happy to report that Vampire Academy is actually a pretty fun little flick that shoots for flip and actually lands there.
0.0 Makes TWILIGHT look good - something I never thought I would say about any movie ever - now please excuse me while I go wash my mouth out with soap.
0.2 Vampire Academy is just another failure in a long line of similarly structured experiences and quite frankly, the fact that there are six of these books blows my mind.
0.2 Put Robert Pattinson in Grade 12 and outfit his classmates with cleavage that would make Hermione blush, and you have a notion of the joys in store here.
0.5 Most of the time, the actors are working so hard to keep us up on developments in the plot that they don't have time to fill in character details.
0.25 The only thing that distinguishes this teen-magnet wannabe from its predecessors is how lazily it appears to have been slapped together.
0.375 It's "Twilight" as directed by Mark Waters, of "Mean Girls." It's an idea that might have been intriguing 15 years ago, before those movies existed.
0.3 If a supernatural teen film ever required CliffsNotes, it would be this one.
0.4 Vampire Academy will likely only satisfy fans of the books. To most everyone else, it's another disposable addition to the growing pile of cheap YA movie adaptations.
0.0 One idea, mixed with lame jokes, and stretched beyond coherence. Vampire Academy doesn't need a review. It needs a stake in the heart.
0.6 For the target audience - teen girls likely to spend as much time gossiping in the theater lobby as they are to actually watch the movie - "Vampire Academy" is pure catnip.
0.125 If I laughed once more, I would have laughed once.
0.5 Only a fraction of the scores of attempted jokes work, but it's still funnier than it has any right to be.
0.3 Mark Waters' 'Vampire Academy' is a tedium of heavy exposition, tired pop culture humor and some of the lamest vampires ever...
0.2 Hard to believe the same Daniel Waters who wrote HEATHERS wrote this. The mythology here is hilariously convoluted. Also- the subtext about the Dhampirs being content servants (slaves even) is more than a little odd.
0.2 a stink bomb like this requires the devotion of a true fan to not only figure out what's going on, but why we should care in the first place
0.875 As it stands, the vacuum of that warped, moneyed Los Angeles society is too exaggerated, too incredible. But one can't help but believe in Hoffman if not in the disjointed character he portrays.
1.0 Dustin Hoffman gives the inspired performance that launched his movie career, and director Mike Nichols shows a gift for social satire that has never glistened quite so brightly since.
1.0 Directorially, it is as cutting-edge late-Sixties as you can get -- all fish-bowl juxtapositions, dappled light and pensive close-ups.
1.0 Robert Surtees's stunning, innovative camerawork contributes telling visual ironies and the Simon and Garfunkel soundtrack perfectly captures the mood of disaffected youth seething beneath the laid-back exterior of 1960s California.
1.0 Anne Bancroft is the stand-out. She brings depth, subtlety, and a melancholy sadness to the part that goes far beyond what is in the script.
0.8 It's consistently fleet and funny, even as it probes the heady abandon and looming hangover that typified the decade of discontent.
1.0 Mike Nichols and veteran cinematographer Robert Surtees threw out the DGA playbook for The Graduate.
1.0 Influential coming-of-age sex comedy.
1.0 Here's to you, Mrs Robinson.
0.625 Rather a shame it's so often mistaken for a statement about something beyond the milk-fed adolescent blues.
0.4 I couldn't get past the fact what a tool Benjamin Braddock was.
0.8 ...plastics, an apt description for the artificial people and attitudes around him.
1.0 All the indie imitators that have come later still can't touch this hilarious and biting classic.
0.8 Here's to you Mrs Robinson....and Mike Nichols
1.0 The post-college burnout feeling that continues to resonate with audiences today. A comedy of tragedy, in which a man's youthful idealism is dealt its inevitable deathblow.
1.0 Hoffman may be a trifle too old for the role, but the movie's still amazing.
1.0 They don't make 'em much better than this (or Anne Bancroft's unforgettable Mrs. Robinson).
0.8 It launched a type of film that is with us even today. Think not? Look at the work of David O. Russell and Wes Anderson and think again.
0.8 Visually stunning, but more superficial than you expect or remember.
0.9 The Graduate is a flawlessly acted and produced film.
1.0 Should be compulsory viewing for any director, writer, editor or actor about to set foot in Hollywood.
0.8 Hilarious! some of Nichol's and Hoffman's best work.
0.4 Perhaps the most overrated film ever.
1.0 Though often hilarious, this film is much more than just a comedy.
1.0 Nichols provides a masterclass in using the widescreen frame to elucidate complex emotional situations with ease and understatement.
0.8 Cruel comedy with a delicious light touch.
1.0 Buck Henry's ironic script is at once biting and thoughtful.
0.8 To paraphrase a line from another famous film, what do you say about a movie that has everything?
1.0 A classic that deserves its iconic status, The Graduate is the cinematic equivalent of the Simon and Garfunkel songs that make up the soundtrack -- gently subversive, wistful, not explicitly political but still very much part of the countercultural '60s.
0.75 It is a good topical movie whose time has passed, leaving it stranded in an earlier age. I give it three stars out of delight for the material it contains; to watch it today is like opening a time capsule.
0.92 It's smart, witty, and troubling all at the same time.
1.0 Few movies have communicated with such dark hilarity all the anxiety and flamboyant misery of youthful sexual initiation
0.6 ...an opulent-looking production, edited to accent the two main characters.
0.6 No Stiles, but dance film's 2nd is still teen fun.
0.5 retreads the original Dance pretty much completely
0.6 The dance sequences will undoubtedly shake the socks right off of ya! They're terrific, possibly even more so than those in the first film.
0.8 A well-done portrait of a person who has to come to grips with the fact that love, while a many-splendoured thing, is also extremely unpredictable.
0.5 Those looking for an earnest depiction (and one that doesn't wallow in the seemingly inherent 'leering' of similar films), it's probably worthy of a look.
0.4 When compared to such incisive lesbian dramas as Lianna and Desert Hearts, Rozema's effort seems flat and banal.
0.2 It is so focused on its own boldness, its dare-to-shock sensuality (the film got an NC-17 from the MPAA, but is being released unrated), that nothing else comes through.
0.5 Camille's motivation is a complete mystery to us.
0.375 When Night is Falling has too many unintended laughs for its passion to be convincing.
0.5 Symbols are supposed to be subtle, but Rozema is intent upon bludgeoning the audience with them.
0.75 Rozema is a fabulist with a strong visual sense, and she creates a distinctive, enclosed world to illustrate Camille's odyssey.
0.6 A seductive, sensuous experience.
1.0 Howard Hawks's classic took the screwball cycle started by It Happened One Night to its dizzying, dazzling peak.
1.0 How sublime can movies get?
1.0 A perfect example of why directors (and even us brilliant professional critics) can often be completely in the dark about what works.
1.0 Classic screwball comedy stars Hepburn, Grant.
0.57 Grant plays the timid Dr. David Huxley with the proper restraint and tics.
0.8 Grant e Hepburn estabelecem uma otima dinamica e revelam um impecavel timing comico, mas nem mesmo o ritmo invejavel da narrativa consegue ocultar o fato de que algumas de suas principais gags envelheceram mal.
1.0 One of those movies that seems to improve upon repeat viewings.
0.75 If Hawks had a real gift it was the ability of moving things along.
0.4 There are many who make the argument that Bringing Up Baby is a forgotten treasure ... Don't believe a word of it.
0.9 Its purpose is only to delight, and it succeeds.
1.0 A textbook screwball comedy with lovably frantic chemistry between its Golden Age stars.
0.6 classic screwball comedy
1.0 The gold standard of screwball comedy.
0.8 One of the great screwball comedies of all time; wonderful patter; delightful performances by Hepburn and Grant. A true timeless winner.
1.0 Splendid screwball farce: You can't help but love this teaming
0.875 Much like "Singin' In The Rain," "Bringing Up Baby" maintains a level of energy that is almost impossible to achieve. The story, the dialogue and the acting move so fast that one cannot help but get caught up in this 90-minute joke
1.0 The classic screwball, with the classic leads. Freddie Prinze Jr. has a lot to learn.
0.6 Overrated classic comedy with good cast.
1.0 There were several great Screwball Comedies; this is (arguably) the best one.
1.0 The magic of Bringing Up Baby can hardly be confined to the period in which it was made.
1.0 Comedian Harold Lloyd called this the most perfectly constructed comedy he'd ever seen, and he was right.
1.0 A delightful piece of utter absurdity and one of director Hawks' most inspired lampoons of the battle between the sexes.
0.6 A heartfelt, creditable picture.
1.0 The film is impeccably made, but more than that, the director who also composed the lovely music score, brings a rare degree of humanity to the intensely moving conclusion.
1.0 Million Dollar Baby, above all else, feels like a work that comes out of years of living, and years of experience with people, and knowing what works and what doesn't. It also comes from a director who is still able to be touched when two people connect.
0.8 A really well-made film.
0.8 The rich, dark production is the 25th directorial turn by Clint Eastwood and is perhaps his best work yet.
0.75 [Features] three of the best performances of 2005.
0.875 Million Dollar Baby provides a suitably rough-hewn canvas on which Eastwood can practice his spartan, highly personal brand of storytelling, and he puts his stamp indelibly on it as producer, director, star and composer.
1.0 With Mystic River, Clint stared down loss and revenge. Here, he's made an elegiac and beautifully measured film about the power of love.
1.0 Onscreen, Eastwood is solid as granite, getting maximum effect by doing the minimum required in a scene but doing it with precisely the right inflection or look. Swank is sensational, proving her breakout turn in Boys Don't Cry was no fluke.
1.0 Morgan Freeman is impressive as Dunn's crumpled sidekick, and Oscar winner Swank is terrific, too, but this is Clint's film, both as its tortured hero and as a great American director.
0.8 Yes, Million Dollar Baby is about the grit and glory of boxing. It's about the count, the bell and the gloves in the air, but also about the human heart and all the tenderness and strength it can muster. And in both corners, it's a knockout.
0.6 Violent Oscar winner is inspiring but too intense for kids.
0.93 This is an actor's piece, and Eastwood, Freeman, and Swank all deliver performances equal to or perhaps greater than any they've done in recent memory.
0.8 Million Dollar Baby adds to Clint Eastwood's legacy in ways we might not have expected. It explores emotional terrain as he hasn't done before, and it gives him a kind of role that he has never had before.
0.8 Just when you think he should be retiring, Clint Eastwood throws another one-two punch.
0.4 This is Eastwood's weakest work in years, perhaps because it yokes itself to a hot-button theme instead of a story that resonates.
0.8 A devastating act of mercy for one character may very well cost the soul of another.
1.0 Easily Mr. Eastwood's best film since Unforgiven.
1.0 Clint Eastwood's Million Dollar Baby is a masterpiece, pure and simple, deep and true.
0.8 what's great about Eastwood, is how he turns cliche to cinematic archetype, and throws in a modern twist at the same time
0.8 To steal from Ali, this one floats like a butterfly and stings like a bee.
0.9 Performances throughout are superb.
0.875 Not glitzy or glamorous, but solidly written, acted, and photographed
0.8 There's still time to brush up on your Academy Award trivia before the envelopes are torn open and the golden statues handed out, and Million Dollar Baby should be at the top of your list.
0.8 The movie is about fights and wounds and healings, beginnings and endings, that are not only physical but mental, psychological, spiritual.
0.3 On the surface it all seems very reasonable, but it exhibits an innate jingoism and its "feminism" is too thoughtless to be believed. An ungainly, smug film.
1.0 There were plenty of contenders in 2004 but only one that truly was a heavyweight.
0.9 Not a movie I would necessarily see again, saw twice, but while watching it, impossible to think about anything else.
1.0 After the twist, audiences may shy away from the complex moral issues portrayed and leave somewhat unenthused. Others might find the film too depressing for their enjoyment.
0.9 The Cliche'd Sports Movie That Almost Was - and Thankfully Wasn't . . . the movie stops being about boxing, and becomes entirely something else
1.0 A movie that shines with life and excitement and sorrow. It's an emotionally overwhelming experience.
0.9 Million Dollar Baby is about intelligent, ambitious people we respect and sympathize with, making the viewing experience actually satisfying, unlike, say, Mystic river.
1.0 Un Knock Out Cinematografico
0.95 It has stereotypical underdog elements, but Eastwood, Swank, and Freeman are so powerful in the film, that it seems fresh.
1.0 Packs a K.O. punch...and does so with exceptional cinematic grace, a powerful emotional sting, and without breaking a sweat.
0.8 Cmo no conmoverse cuando un gigante de hierro como Eastwood desnuda toda su vulnerabilidad emocional frente a la pantalla? El tipo se hace lgrimas, y nosotros con l.
0.75 While the movie is set in the world of boxing, it covers a lot of other important issues and relationships. Some of you will find the ending has a moral issue.
1.0 The first two-thirds of Million Dollar Baby is a typical sports film skillfully made. Then, the third act rolls in like a thundercloud.
1.0 a lean, modern film noir that places a touching surrogate father-daughter relationship among the inky shadows and crumbling walls of a fading corner of Los Angeles
1.0 It doesn't matter if you love boxing or hate it; Million Dollar Baby is a powerful and unforgettably human story.
0.8125 There's something about boxing - a.k.a. the most barbaric sport on earth - that the camera loves.
0.625 What appears to be a boxing film is really a study on dealing with guilt, responsibility for risk, and personal drive.
1.0 After Freeman refers to a place that exists "somewhere between nowhere and goodbye," we realize he's identified the dark space inhabited by all the film's characters.
1.0 It is not a great movie because it strives to be important, but because it simply tries to tell a story of people who enter each other's lives, endure a series of struggles and triumphs, and emerge forever changed.
1.0 a simple, unadorned story that just happens to touch on some big-issue themes usually left for Oscar-bait movies.
1.0 'The simplicity of the tale on the surface belies the depth of feeling that comes roaring out from behind Eastwood's enduring squint.'
1.0 ... a deeply felt (but never feel-good) father-daughter love story - and one of the most emotionally shattering films ever made.
1.0 Making a movie like Million Dollar Baby requires a certain toughness, to challenge the conventions of a movie genre and make them feel fresh and new.
1.0 Eastwood seems liberated by old age, doing some of his best and most profound work as an actor and director.
0.9 There shouldn't be any question about whether Clint Eastwood has earned his place in the pantheon of American cinema.
0.875 Arguably the best, most consistent movie Clint Eastwood has made since his Oscar-winning Western Unforgiven in 1992.
1.0 There is no question about the status of Million Dollar Baby as a work that instantly ranks on the short list of Essential Eastwood.
1.0 'This is, hands down, Eastwood's greatest performance on screen.'
0.875 Eastwood tells his story in a straightforward manner; no fancy camera tricks or angles. ... His no-frills, unadorned style ... is well-suited for the subject matter.
0.8 [A] solid boxing drama.
1.0 A knockout.
0.75 Million Dollar Baby earns your eight or nine bucks.
0.875 An unvarnished, reflective and tightly focused tale of loyalty and sacrifice.
1.0 Ranks among the all-time heavyweights of sports movies.
1.0 This film is a dramatic powerhouse, thanks to a jarring third act that explores themes far darker than 'overcoming adversity' or 'going the distance.'
0.875 At 74 and directing his 25th film, (Clint) Eastwood just keeps getting better behind the camera.
0.8 It's above average. But it ain't the greatest of the year. Sorry, Clint.
0.8 It is a gritty, funny, moving tale of taking risks, taking stands and facing the consequences. And it alternately feels way too familiar and surprises us as it stakes out its thematic territory and then takes a huge, provocative risk of its own.
1.0 One of the finest character dramas ever made.
0.5 It's strange that so many have mistaken its dull sincerity for something profound and moving.
0.6 For all its pretensions to elevating the genre, is seldom more than just another boxing movie.
0.9 While we&#8217;ve come to expect a certain Spartan beauty to the look and feel of Clint Eastwood&#8217;s films, here he plumbs new emotional depths as both an actor and director.
0.625 A thematically inconsistent and dramatically unsatisfying false idol that has been strangely elevated to the level of Clint Eastwood's actual masterpieces.
1.0 Lulls you to sleep in its familiar rhythms and genre checkpoints, methodically - almost secretly - working its way toward a knockout conclusion.
1.0 Sombrio, complexo e instigante.
1.0 The best movie of 2004, edging out Sideways by a half-whisker.
1.0 ... Has caused people to take note for the best reason of all: it is a brilliant film.
0.875 Eastwood is the ultimate sparring partner when it comes to his latest prize-winning knockout Baby...displays its badge of cynicism and quiet despair
1.0 Million Dollar Baby is a masterful piece of work by Eastwood that stays with you long after leaving the theater.
0.875 True to the unspoken desperation and disillusionment that toughens or chews up career-undercard boxers, tinged with post-feminist complexity and rich with classical metaphor.
0.4 A competently assembled collection of tired cliches, ham-handed sentiment, murky photography and predictable melodrama.
0.875 This film that is directed and stars Clint Eastwood is perhaps his most emotional, most mature, most heart-felt film of his career.
0.8 Ripe with boxing movie cliches and slow to the point of distraction, this melancholy tale of an ageing trainer and the girl pugilist he takes under his wing nonetheless packs a stunning emotional punch.
1.0 The actor-director takes a dark look at another venerable archetype, the prize fighter, and in the process has created a masterpiece of American pulp noir.
1.0 A glorious knockout punch of a movie.
0.7 Bring Kleenex.
0.8 The fight scenes are well-handled and Eastwood includes several nice touches, such as the way Maggie practically gallops into every fight, or the smile on Frankie's face when she wins her first match.
0.9 [Eastwood] appears to be in the middle of a Luis Bunuel-sized career renaissance.
0.5 At one point, we're told that boxing moves require fighters to pivot in a counter-intuitive fashion, but except for that ghastly twist there's nothing unpredictable about this movie.
0.9 Eastwood successfully camouflages this layered human morality tale as a boxing film
0.875 A testament to Eastwood's ability to tell a story and find the human truth at its core.
0.8 This movie packs a solid entertainment punch.
0.4 Manipulative, demeans religious trust and Catholicity, is anti-hope, anti-family, pro euthanasia propaganda, brutalizes femininity, and is terminally depressing.
0.4 A phony, simplistic and cheap way for Eastwood to address an important and complicated social issue. At least Swank kicks butt.
0.875 I don't feel the third act delivers the knock-out blow that's intended, but it's still a technical decision win for Eastwood, Swank and Freeman.
1.0 It's rare that we see a movie that gives its characters a spiritual dimension; and rarer still that the director isn't making a heavy-handed statement with it.
1.0 One of the many pleasures of this beautifully composed, measured movie is how it reminds you of the power of pure storytelling -- an art that's too often overlooked in contemporary films in the rush for sensation and excitement.
0.875 Freeman's doleful, musical narration gives Million Dollar Baby its haunting beauty.
1.0 When you think you know its moves, it throws in fancy footwork. Then it sucker-punches you when you're not looking.
1.0 It may be that only Spencer Tracy and Paul Newman (and can someone explain to me how Eastwood and Newman have avoided making a movie together?) aged as well and as interestingly onscreen.
1.0 Confident, powerful, a thing of deceptively effortless beauty, Clint Eastwood's Million Dollar Baby shifts its weight in the late rounds -- having seduced us with a gritty underdog tale -- and delivers a body blow.
1.0 It is Clint Eastwood's autumnal masterpiece.
1.0 The new picture takes its time, gives its actors room to breathe, and isn't afraid to strike a hokey note if it reveals something important. Real life, after all, is full of hokiness.
0.75 Million probably seems better than it is because Eastwood's directing instincts are so sound.
1.0 Saying this movie is about boxing is akin to saying Citizen Kane is about a sled.
1.0 It's a story about passion and dedication to a dream. It's a story about the need to believe in yourself and what you're doing. It's a story about lost opportunities and second chances.
0.75 It's slow like sweet molasses, careful and textured.
0.75 ...a tribute to the director-star's admirable work ethic more than anything else.
1.0 It doesn't get any better than this knock-out of a film.
1.0 Not just another in a string of masterworks, but also one of the greatest boxing films of all time.
1.0 An uncompromising and darkly intimate portrayal of risk, resolution and dark, dark places.
1.0 Absolutely one of the best films that Clint Eastwood's ever made. Think about that.
1.0 For Clint Eastwood, grim is good, very good.
0.625 Million Dollar Baby has a simple premise made better by studying the relationships between the characters, but it takes too wild of a turn towards the end for my taste.
0.9 Million Dollar Baby packs an emotional punch that knocks the wind out of its audience like no movie has in years.
0.6 Its originality sucker punches you in the face and you barely have time to recover.
1.0 The performances of the three leads are perfect, so we don't care that we don't know what lies right outside the Hit Pit.
1.0 A perfect film.
0.8 We can see why Warner Bros. decided to move it up a couple of months for the awards season.
1.0 The most profoundly moving platonic love story of the year. It may be time to wheel out another batch of Career Achievement Awards for Mr. Eastwood.
1.0 It has the gloom and transcendence of an old man's wisdom.
0.625 2 good acts of Rocky Lite before it switches genres for the last act, a long and tedious tearjerker that turns this way overrated film into just an okay picture.
0.875 Million Dollar Baby makes the line between subtle and obvious seem finer than it is, and delivers its one-two punches Old-Hollywood-style.
0.875 it's when 'Baby' sheds the gloves that the drama truly takes off. And take off it does, in an utterly unexpected direction that's certain to startle...
0.2 Don't believe the hype about Clint Eastwood's boxing pic: This cliche-filled mess is a fixed fight.
1.0 It's a brave piece of work that's more than just moving -- it's genuinely upsetting, and haunting.
0.8 In a year of fairly disappointing year-end pictures, the pick of the litter.
1.0 Turn convention upside down with its stirring portrayal of paternity, passion, mortality, and loyalty
0.875 A breathtaking human drama that will leave you speechless.
0.6 Aims to articulate the sport's appeal... One isn't completely convinced by the end of the film that the point has been made, but the attempt is a valiant one.
0.9 Clint Eastwood and Hilary Swank deliver a powerful one-two punch that will knock your socks off and hit you squarely in the heart.
0.8 This film has a quiet confidence that catches the rhythms of both a strong story and engaging performances
1.0 Eastwood deserves accolades as both director and star of this powerfully made picture.
0.8 [Has] a lot going for it: excellent performances, the director's unique touch, and yet another angle of commentary on America's institutionalization of violence.
1.0 As good as Unforgiven. Or, to put it another way, as good as any movie Eastwood has ever directed.
0.7 A fine, understated piece of storytelling that earns every emotional body blow it lands.
0.8 A story well told about lessons well learned, and if Clint wants to keep making more like them, he should.
1.0 Eastwood scores a knockout as an actor and director with Million Dollar Baby, a spare, exquisitely realized masterpiece about faith, redemption and boxing that beautifully illustrates his longtime philosophy that 'less is more.'
0.5 It worked in 1962 with Requiem for a Heavyweight, a shame it hasn't gotten any fresher in the intervening forty-two years.
0.875 A movie that approaches the level of great boxing films, like Raging Bull, by using sport as a metaphor for human nature.
1.0 While I wouldn't place Million Dollar Baby on quite as exalted a pedestal as last year's Mystic River and 1992's Unforgiven ... this unlikely female boxer movie may well be the best-directed of Eastwood's filmmaking career.
0.9 The film belongs to Swank.
0.75 Like a title bout that goes through seven rounds of friendly push and poke before exploding into a knockout combination.
1.0 Clint Eastwood delivers a knockout punch with this uncompromising boxing-ring drama about faith, trust and redemption.
1.0 Million Dollar Baby may be the first boxing movie to take the cliche of life imitating the 'art' and make it not feel like just another line.
0.875 Remarkable.
1.0 Baby has the taut, grim, cold look of a noir out of time. It becomes a classic Eastwood movie and Frankie becomes a classic Eastwood role.
0.9 A haunting and beautiful story of the human spirit.
1.0 Any doubt that Eastwood ranks among America's finest filmmakers should forever be dispelled thanks to this unexpectedly brilliant masterpiece.
0.875 Eastwood's powers as a director have never been in question, but who knew he had this amazing performance left inside of him?
0.875 Eastwood deserves another Best Picture nomination. Here's a man who has finally put Dirty Harry to rest.
0.9 When did Clint Eastwood find the time to pour his heart and soul into Million Dollar Baby?
0.875 The knockout punch comes from Eastwood. His stripped-down performance -- as powerful as anything he's ever done -- has a rugged, haunting beauty.
1.0 An emotionally powerful drama about a woman boxer, a crusty old trainer, and their journey of the heart-one of the year's best
0.875 Absolutely riveting entertainment. Takes a formulaic blueprint, tramples it to the floor, and comes up with something altogether more penetrating, touching, and real.
0.875 Another act of faith from Clint Eastwood, Million Dollar Baby may be the best American film of 2004.
0.7 Hilary Swank knocks us out.
0.4 Not quite a career low for John Travolta -- Two of a Kind was still to come -- but one he nevertheless would probably love to forget.
0.0 It all amounts to an embarrassing show of unrestrained, Hollywood-style egomania.
0.2 If not quite one of the worst sequels ever made, it's near the top of the list of all-time most disappointing sequels. Writer-director Stallone stupidly attempts to turn Tony Manero into a dancing Rocky.
0.25 A slick, commercial cinematic jukebox, a series of self-contained song-and-dance sequences that could be cut apart and played forever on MTV -- which is probably what will happen.
0.4 Was this sequel really necessary? Nope.
0.3 A sequel with no understanding of what made its predecessor work.
0.4 Saturday Night Fever through the eyes of Stallone.
0.29 So horrific are the musical sequences in this movie that you'll swear you were having nightmares directed by Satan himself.
0.2 1.5
0.4 More like staying dead...a monotonous and unnecessary sequel that has all the grace and flow of a greased hog on rollerskates
0.2 The words 'directed by Sylvester Stallone' say it all.
0.4 This film constantly falls flat on its face.
0.4 A competent but self-righteous film that offers little insight into love or faith.
0.5 If religious films aren't your bailiwick, stay away. Otherwise, this could be a passable date film.
0.5 The film is old-fashioned, occasionally charming and as subtle as boldface.
0.625 Beers, who, when she's given the right lines, can charm the paint off the wall ... [but] the script goes wrong at several key junctures.
0.5 Imagine the CleanFlicks version of 'Love Story,' with Ali MacGraw's profanities replaced by romance-novel platitudes.
0.5 The romance between the leads isn't as compelling or as believable as it should be.
0.25 Really awful. Unwatchably awful. As in, "Give it the Razzie now and be done with it" awful.
0.2 Forget the title. "Accidental Release" is more like it.
0.5 Accidental Love did not have a smooth production process, and it shows in the stitched-together final product.
0.0 So flimsily constructed that it resembles a middle-school play that's been hastily filmed on an antique camcorder.
0.4 Dark comedy about brain injury falls flat; some sexy stuff.
0.5 Accidental Love appears to have hints of David O. Russell's original social commentary, but the film wastes its potential on annoying slapstick set pieces.
0.5 For a certain type of viewer, though, rooting through Accidental Love seeking tattered remnants of Nailed has a masochistic appeal of its own.
0.25 Joffe seems well aware that this is a story not worth telling ... the filmmaking is so hopelessly uninspired that Hartnett's Scottish accent is somehow not its most glaring flaw.
0.2 As one of the film's many forgettable characters so eloquently puts it, "This stinks worse than an oyster's fart."
0.4 Flailing through centuries, it lacks any meaningful connection between the two timelines.
0.6 Suckers for romance likely won't complain, but this Josh Hartnett time-travel epic is nuts.
0.0 It's so deadly and unintentionally funny (I hope) that it practically defies description. Mr. Joffe should go back to film school as soon as possible.
0.125 A shamelessly derivative and preposterous would-be blockbuster that goofily fashions itself as a sweeping romance, time-travel sci-fi tale, and gallant period piece all at once.
0.75 A low-key charming diptych character piece that was also divisive, at least according to the chatter in the lines at Cannes.
0.6 A few tweaks in tone and it could have been profound. Instead it lingers in the realm of the intriguing.
0.9 ...[a] glittering little oddity.
0.87 ...a strange and sometimes discomfiting movie that occasionally gets a little heavy-handed as it traces the trajectories of two disrupted souls through the depressingly neutral territory of an airport hotel.
0.5 The vehicle for the message feels haphazard, as if Ferran were trying to create a patchwork of various film types rather than one cohesive piece.
0.6 The special effects were assembled with painstaking details ... These dreamlike elements look organic and charming, and are the best part of the film.
0.5 Ferran is prone to "flights of fancy," pardon the pun, as some scenes in his film go on unchecked while others aren't allowed nearly the right amount of time to develop.
0.4 The best moments in "Bird People" soar to such heights that you almost want to forgive the parts that amount to mere droppings.
0.8 This is a wisp of a movie, and yet it deals with an experience so pervasive that it's usually barely acknowledged-this restlessness people feel to fly off to somewhere else.
0.625 Pascale Ferran's film isn't daring enough to fully embrace the narrative fragmentation that it sporadically assumes.
0.25 An insult to the viewer's intelligence, which sticks to silly slapstick while failing to get around to making a mature statement about relationships.
0.625 I wouldn't call the movie a dog, but I didn't love it either. Our search for the next Great Romantic Comedy, like so many Hollywood singletons' quest for love, continues.
0.75 ...the film is ultimately difficult to resist, though it's clear that those who generally dislike this sort of thing will really hate this.
0.5 Must Love Dogs could have used a longer leash and a lot more frolicking in the park.
0.6 Diane Lane makes an extremely appealing lead and there's good chemistry between her and Cusack, perhaps because of their shared history at the edges of the Brat Pack in the 1980s.
0.4 Cusack in particular seems to have embellished his role with an assortment of verbal quirks that suggest he wasn't too happy with what was on the page.
0.4 If only the whole script had been as sharp as some of Cusack's caustic one-liners, then this might have appealed to more than just the Chardonnay brigade.
0.5 Manages to be engaging, even though the plot is badly underdeveloped.
0.43 An inconsequential, harmless piece of moderately cute fluff
0.4 Uma producao sem entusiasmo ou vida, o que e fatal para seus propositos.
0.5 Nowhere near as good as its stars due to stagy dialogue, but still a sweet experience.
0.75 Attractive, witty, and exceedingly cute movie seeks undiscerning viewers for good times and more!
0.7 While you must love dogs, it's ok if you just really like the movie. What I love is the match John Cusack and Diane Lane make on camera.
0.5 Despite its stars, despite its premise, and despite the presence of cute canines, "Must Love Dogs" is the most bland romantic comedy of the summer. Possibly of the year.
0.5 Everything that happens here has happened in dozens of romantic comedies before. If you're thinking of going to see Dogs, all I can say is: you've already seen it.
0.25 A romantic comedy so generic that its label AND what's inside is nothing but a black-and-white checklist of the lamest rom-com cliches ever invented.
0.625 The best way to combat a lackluster script is good casting, and Diane Lane, John Cusack and Christopher Plummer are quite the foot soldiers in Must Love Dogs.
0.5 I wish [Lane and Cusack] had a better script to work with in this cyber-dating comedy ...
0.375 There needs to be a master list out there of conventional Romantic Comedy cliches and gestures that filmmakers and writers can refer to so as not to play to them ever again.
0.4 To say Diane Lane would have trouble finding a date moves this movie into the science fiction realm
0.4 The makers of "Must Love Dogs" clearly have an affection towards canines but they didn't seem to even like the audience.
0.5 Writer-director Gary David Goldberg relies so much on the predetermined beats of sitcom writing that Must Love Dogs is too stiff to qualify as lightweight.
0.3 ...the first 75 minutes are sophomoric, foolish, unrealistic, unfunny, and contrived, if not puerile, ignorant, and ill-informed.
0.1 It's hard to cheer for a film that wears a slight sneer when it comes to its leading lady.
0.625 a predictable and genial romantic comedy that's not very romantic and never really all that funn
0.75 Lane and Cusack create characters who are genuine, funny and romantic.
0.6 Perfect for a girl's night out.
0.625 There's no compelling reason why these two characters ought to be compatible except that their names come first and second in the opening credits.
0.6 think of Must Love Dogs as a You've Got Mail without Norah Ephron's neuroses
0.3 The movie wastes the talents of its two leads by refusing to take any risks with the material, marching in lockstep to every genre cliche.
0.75 Must Love Dogs ... unleashes snappy, smart dialogue that's good enough to make us want to sit and stay.
0.2 ...homosexual characters in romantic comedies serve the same role that Eunuchs did in the ancient Middle East:nonsexual good listeners who exist to assist hapless rich women.
0.625 As fantasies go, you could do a lot worse.
0.625 The film gets more tepid as it goes along and ultimately just drifts off.
0.5 Some of the lines are pretty clever, but you need to have a very keen and sticky tolerance for dogs making goo-goo eyes.
0.5 The film makes no real impression; it's amiable, occasionally funny and indistinguishable from dozens of other romantic comedies just like it.
0.625 The real reason for taking a chance on this minor summer confection would be to catch up on the life of an unbilled hero: Lloyd Dobler.
0.6 It works. That's the most and the least that can be said of this frequently funny romcom.
0.4 It's OK to be retro with your screen romance, but retro shouldn't feel this inept.
0.625 Lately, Hollywood has gotten so obsessed with doing big things badly, it seems to have forgotten how to do small things well.
0.5 Beware! Every time you're just about to settle back into mature romantic comedy mode as if it were a warm bath, things get silly. Really silly.
0.75 A romantic comedy is only as irresistible as are its temporarily star-crossed lovers. By this barometer, the enjoyably breezy Must Love Dogs boasts quite a pedigree.
0.375 Did Lane and John Cusack really have to put themselves through this? Here are two first-rate actors in the embarrassing situation of playing blithering misfits in a lame comedy of errors.
0.5 Be warned. When the makers of Must Love Dogs want you to like somebody, they slam your hand in a drawer until you say uncle.
0.625 It works all right as sort of cinematic comfort food.
0.5 There is an extremely supportive and welcoming market for an actress like this in the right romantic comedy. Must Love Dogs is half that movie; witty, rueful, true and sweet. The other half is so conventionally dumb, it hurts.
0.75 Must Love Dogs reminds me of the golden retriever that lived next door long ago: endearing, consistently sweet-natured, ready for a brisk turn around familiar territory as long as no strenuous intellectual demands are ever made.
0.5 Too pat when it needs to be hairy, Must Love Dogs fails to find the undercurrents of complex emotion beneath its pretty patter surface.
0.625 While Lane is her typical winning self, the film is mawkish.
0.625 Tall handsome actor seeking willing audience...
0.625 Diane Lane and John Cusack have such terrific chemistry together in the genial romantic comedy Must Love Dogs that it's a wonder these two veteran performers have never been teamed before.
0.5 Bland, generic and showing every sign of having been market-tested to death.
0.25 Unless you have an affection for scrawny, slobbery face-licking films with no bite or bark, don't even think about it.
0.75 Just when you think you have Goldberg figured, he springs fresh surprises.
0.77 I like the characters and the story but find that the film just doesn't go the distance in some areas.
0.83 Sweet, funny, touching, and contemporary.
0.7 "Charming and sweet, wrapping a leash around your heart."
0.6 Even with a too-cute script, divorcee romantic comedy is passable thanks to the peanut butter/chocolate pairing of Diane Lane and John Cusack.
0.625 This may be the summer's only film not aimed at teenage boys, but it still feels unshaped and underdeveloped.
0.5 Such great performances... Such a dreadful movie.
0.625 When a woman who looks like Diane Lane has to use the internet to find a date, something has gone horribly wrong with our world
0.6 It's not When Harry Met Sally, but then again, what is?
0.7 Even vehicles on autopilot eventually reach their destinations, and Dogs proves to be an easy ride
0.625 Must Love Dogs makes a good first impression -- it's smart, funny and entertaining. But as the reels unwind, it's missing the special chemistry necessary to make us fall head-over-heels for it.
0.75 Must Love Dogs proves that you can teach an old genre new tricks.
0.75 Director Gary David Goldberg has said he gave the script to Cusack to add his own touches, resulting in some clever and engaging repartee with Diane Lane, another intelligent and likable actor.
0.3 It takes Lane, John Cusack, Dermot Mulroney, Elizabeth Perkins, Stockard Channing and Christopher Plummer and forces them to reenact the entire unabridged Encyclopedia of Treasured Romantic Comedy Cliches and Chestnuts, Revised Second Edition.
0.5 Must Love Dogs isn't quite a dog, but it's far from an ideal date movie.
0.3 Must Love Dogs is an Internet dating comedy so weightless that it makes a trifle like You've Got Mail look like Chekhov.
0.5 Must Love Dogs is a film that won't inspire love or hate. It's just sort of there: An inoffensive way to spend an evening. Just remember, you can't get those 107 minutes of your life back.
0.6 A lively romantic comedy, grounded by John Cusack as an intense idealist with wit and a big heart, about the role of Internet match-making services in the dating game.
0.5 The film's curdled aftertaste is so frustrating that it may be hard to remember why Must Love Dogs ever seemed so endearing and entertaining in the first place.
0.25 Not everything needs to be art, of course, so here goes your proof.
0.5 Lacks the requisite passion and urgency to make the experience anything more than a periodically pleasant waste of time.
0.75 Must Love Dogs, though, has some things a lot of today's romantic comedies don't have and need badly: smart dialogue, bright characters and a pair of lovers who don't look as if they belong at a college bash or in a gossip column.
0.625 On what planet does Diane Lane, she of the double-dip-sundae bod, whipped-cream face, and cinnamon hair, go dateless? Only on planet Hollywood, where she is routinely cast as an underappreciated wife or overlooked single.
0.5 Must Love Dogs is like a puppy with big brown eyes and a wagging tail who weeps with eagerness to lick your hand, but you take a look around the pound and decide to adopt the sad-eyed beagle who looks as if she has seen a thing or two.
0.7 Lane and Cusack transcend the formulaic nature of the romantic comedy genre
0.625 Romantic comedies usually stand or fall on the likability of the leads, and the leads in Must Love Dogs, Lane and John Cusack, both of whom downplay the shtickiness of the material by underselling it, are very likable.
0.625 What Must Love Dogs is ultimately insisting, after all, is that we all deserve to frolic merrily in the sun with loved ones (possibly in the form of John Cusack), Frisbees and dogs. Who wants to argue with that?
0.75 It manages to rework genre conventions with an exuberant wit and an authentic feel for the fits-and-starts madness of the mating game.
0.625 Sharply written script in the dialogue department. But the chemistry element wanes and a heart element is nearly absent. Still, light, funny, always amusing. Kudos to Cusack.
0.75 Whenever Cusack is on screen, the energy level of the movie just jumps up.
0.75 ...enough doses of the real world to elevate it above your average romantic-comedy fantasty.
0.5 Cutesy stuff, breezily amusing but...a basically weightless and disposable date movie.
0.4 The Partridge Family sing-along almost killed me.
0.5 One big product placement for a commercial dating service on the web. Its URL is only mentioned 2 or 3 times in the movie so I won't repeat it... unless they send a check.
0.7 Harmless and enjoyable -- but it'll float right out of your brain within a couple hours of seeing it.
0.6 If [it] ends with a painfully contrived set piece, it also . . . adds rowing lessons to the metaphors of foreplay
0.625 Bland and forgettable -- a romantic comedy with affable characters and some funny lines, but where love never really takes flight. It fizzles when it should sizzle.
0.125 To paraphrase some hackerish blurb I just heard on the shill-y E! network: Must Love Dogs is in the doghouse.
0.8 A terrifically gripping WWII drama that manages to balance introspection with bursts of battlefield action.
0.6 If the story were as compelling as it should be, we would have wept over the injustice of it all and unfortunately, that didn't happen.
0.625 ...an appealing premise that's employed to watchable (if entirely uneven) effect by filmmaker Stanley Kramer...
0.6 ...rather tame and superficial by today's standards: a gentle, sentimental comedy on the subject of interracial marriage.
0.8 Civil rights, love, and family stress.
0.625 Tracy looks tired in this draggy production; he died soon afterward, and it's infuriating to watch him sweat to inject fire into such pap.
0.8 A most delightfully acted and gracefully entertaining film.
1.0 It would be easy to tear the plot to shreds and catch Kramer in the act of copping out. But why? On its own terms, this film is a joy to see, an evening of superb entertainment.
0.6 An earnest liberal outing that today seems passive, tame and condescending, but still watchable because of the performances of Tracy, Hepburn and Poitier.
0.8 Well-meaning and generally effective.
0.7 As an opus on race relations, Dinner certainly seems a bit daring, but it's just not standing the test of time terribly well.
1.0 Vintage zany musical is Eddie Cantor showcase.
1.0 Possibly Cantor's best film. Certainly his most creatively directed and raciest.
0.0 At one point, Kily/Tilly notes: "Parents! You can't live with them. You can't live without their Mastercard." Hopefully, that will be the only sentence I remember from this abomination, and if the Lord is merciful, not even that.
0.8 A film that works on many levels, be it action, drama, or romance, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon is recommended viewing for anyone who likes their martial arts with some heart and soul.
1.0 Amazing, magical martial arts fairy tale.
1.0 Often imitated, never equaled, "Crouching Tiger" soars because it showcases culture as much as cutting-edge martial arts. Unfinished business, unspoken passions and unwanted prejudices stand beside fists (and feet) of fury in a lyrical film.
1.0 Lee brought a distinct elegance to the wuxia genre of mythic, lyrical martial arts pictures...a breathtaking visual and emotional experience for the viewer...[Blu-ray]
0.8 The movie is good, sometimes very good, but I suspect it's a masterpiece only for those who haven't seen all the earlier masterpieces that equal or surpass it.
0.9 The film has so many different elements that there's enough in it to appeal to almost everyone.
0.8 ...my expectations were high, and I wasn't disappointed.
1.0 It's a feeling akin to seeing Peter Pan fly for the first time or watching the first light-saber duel in Star Wars.
1.0 Ang Lee's Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon mixes In the Mood for Love's unobtainable romance with Dancer in the Dark's selfless-to-the-end philosophy.
1.0 The smartest and smartest-looking action movie of the year.
0.875 It's abundantly clear that Lee, in conjunction with fight choreographer Yuen Wo-Ping (famed for The Matrix), has brought to these standard tropes his own elevating, near-feline sensibilities.
0.8 Within five minutes of the opening you'll wonder when was the last time you felt so alive, so excited in a cinema.
0.9 It's FANTASTIC!
1.0 A haunting, tragic fairy tale for the ages.
0.8 Its breathtaking landscapes and tense physical confrontations feel like throwbacks to spaghetti (Sergio Leone) and bread and butter (John Ford) westerns.
0.4 Not since Sandy Duncan's version of "Peter Pan" has such a cinematic masterpiece been caught on film.
1.0 Beautiful and elegant; marvelously shot and directed; touching, humorous, and thrilling, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon is the movie of the year.
1.0 like being absorbed into the pages of every adventure story you loved as a child.
0.8 Os personagens da historia acabam tornando-se mais notaveis do que suas proprias qualidades como lutadores.
1.0 Quite simply, it blew me away.
0.875 The crossover hit that (quite rightly) started all those high-flying wire-fu action pictures. With the redoubtable Chow Yun-Fat and Michelle Yeoh.
1.0 Chow reveals astonishing depths. But the revelation is Yeoh.
0.8 You may never see a more beautiful movie - and certainly no more majestic film has yet been made.
1.0 You could search long and hard and not find a more magnificent dragon. It will catch you when you aren't expecting it and pounce on you like a tiger
0.875 "Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon" is a mythical story with modern ideas. Each image is beautifully crafted and memorable.
0.9 The entire thing is a tapestry you can stare at for hours.
1.0 This one has it all: adventure, romance, spectacle, morality.
1.0 El Tigre y el Dragon es simple y sencillamente una obra maestra y una de las razones de la existencia del bien llamado Septimo Arte
1.0 It's an action movie that doesn't try to blow you out of your seat ..., but rather it captures you in suspended awe for prolonged periods of time.
1.0 A truly stunning blend of classic Chinese martial-arts moviemaking and modern psychodrama.
1.0 High art meets high spirits in a rapturously romantic epic that really kicks butt.
1.0 What is pleasantly unexpected is how effortlessly Ang Lee's low-key dramatics mesh with the kinetic sword battles.
0.8 An epic work of accomplished skill and grace.
0.85 This is an exciting, mystical, romantic surprise of a film that really puts the 'art' in 'martial arts.'
0.8 It's pure Indiana Jones fun with an unexpected sense of consequence.
1.0 It's The Matrix spliced with David Lean
1.0 A ravishing fairy tale/epic, and the best movie of the year.
0.9 If you're in the mood for a beautifully photographed melodrama punctuated by dazzling martial arts sequences, then get ready for some big fun.
1.0 One of those wonders of imagination and craft that confirm your wildest dreams about the magic of movies.
1.0 A film of sublime beauty, poetic mystery and rousing spirit.
0.9 The screenplay delivers with several story lines intermingled, all evoking the full spectrum of human emotion.
0.9 A good story, attractive and likable stars, and great action do make this one of the season's best entertainment values.
0.9 A feast for the eyes and ears that rarely slows down.
1.0 The class act of action movies.
1.0 The most exhilarating martial arts movie I have seen.
0.9 Lee has made more than an exotic yarn. He has liberated conventional moviemaking.
0.9 With its gift for showing things that can't be described, Crouching Tiger's blend of the magical, the mythical and the romantic fills a need in us we might not even realize we had.
0.9 Once we get a taste of that action, we want buckets of it.
0.6 As soon as the action stops, the actors start to slowly, painfully slowly, drone on with some of the most lifeless dialog of the year.
0.7 Awesome, awesome battles, beautifully shot and an okay story.
0.9 A magnificently-crafted hybrid of Chinese historical epic, F/X-enhanced martial arts spectacular, mystical romantic tragedy and live-action anime.
1.0 Packed with some of the best martial arts yet filmed.
1.0 Calling Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon a religious experience may be overstating the case a bit, but Ang Lee's rhapsodically romantic martial arts enthraller certainly redeems a slew of sins in this lackluster movie year.
1.0 You have never seen a movie like Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon because there has never been a movie like it.
1.0 The film satisfies on both visceral and emotional levels.
1.0 Masterpiece.
0.75 Whenever Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon resorts to flying fists or soaring sword battles, the Force is definitely with it.
0.9 The first fight scene, which brings all the principals together, will make you want to applaud. And each action sequence builds on what has come before, increasing the stakes with a dignified hilarity.
0.875 The film never ceases to dazzle our eyes and arrest our attention.
0.9 Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon will make you fall in love with film all over again.
0.8 If you can't find something in this movie to set your heart aflutter, call the doctor.
0.9 Splashes across the big screen like no other martial arts movie you've ever seen.
0.9 A film that takes you on a bareback horse-ride waltz through beauty.
1.0 Success is destined for this movie because it has a mix of romance, fantasy, and action that will appeal to all audiences regardless of age, sex, or whether they watch many subtitled films.
1.0 Within age-old contrivances emerge deeply affecting characters. Poetry.
1.0 Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon kicks all living ass.
1.0 Think back and try to recall the last time you saw a hero on the screen who stepped aside to serve others by making himself a zero.
0.8 Banish all thoughts of Chow Yun Fat and Michelle Yeoh as shoot 'em up action heroes.
0.8 Splendidly lusty fare, its feet deep in the mud of the English countryside, its head in the lens-flared glare of a dreamy tragi-romantic sky.
0.8 Mostly this is a triumph ...
0.8 Everything in this extraordinary evocation of island life is seasonal; these folk, their affections and fortunes, shift with the winds and tides.
0.6 It's maybe not up there in the pantheon of British classics, but there's something highly relaxing and radical about the fact that Schlesinger articulates this classical story with breathy longeurs ...
1.0 Christie carries the film with her own insouciant vulnerability. A classic.
1.0 It has a kick that most other Hardy adaptations have conspicuously lacked.
1.0 Quality oozes from every pore, with John Schlesinger's direction complemented by Frederic Raphael's sharp script and a cast that includes Julie Christie, Alan Bates, Peter Finch and a dastardly Terence Stamp.
0.8 Helped by the shimmering photography of Nicolas Roeg and hindered by a straitjacket of a script by Frederic Raphael, this laudable, lengthy adaptation of Thomas Hardy's classic novel might have benefited from a less respectful treatment.
0.6 The length gives room for Nicholas Roeg's outstanding cinematography, which delivers an authentically rustic English epic.
1.0 A perfect example of a film that captures the spirit of the source-material, whilst boldly exploiting and exploring the potential of the cinematic medium.
1.0 One of the most entrancing and elemental landscape films ever shot in these isles.
0.625 This is a predictable story that Schlesinger struggles to keep fresh and moving.
0.4 A stunning-looking Julie Christie running about Thomas Hardy's countryside is the major excuse for John Schlesinger's under-dramatized picture postcard.
0.75 Alan Bates, in a change of pace, is the loyal shepherd. Terence Stamp is a suitably vile Sgt. Troy, and Peter Finch makes Boldwood strong and honorable in his love for Bathsheba.
0.4 Completely disposable ...
0.4 A film that fails to make the most of a good cast and a great premise.
0.4 A bland and baffling oddity ...
0.2 The stars play strangers on an odd road trip who are meant to be finding things out about each other: if you were put next to either of them on a plane, you would quickly regret your seating assignment.
0.2 a far-fetched story, told in a rather unappealing way.
0.4 Arthur Newman is overwhelmed with arty ambitions and a heavy-handed acting style. Ultimately, all the weight prevents the film from taking off and soaring.
0.5 Obviously the theme of "Arthur Newman" is the American dream of starting over, but Johnston's screenplay hits it so obviously that it loses its resonance.
0.7 A strange film about dysfunctional people directed with good pace by Dante Ariola in his feature film debut highlighted by fine performances by Colin Firth and Emily Blunt.
0.5 An offbeat, sometimes self-congratulatory road movie romance.
0.625 Firth and Blunt give life (and flawless American accents) to this restrained, and occasionally bland, road trip flick.
0.6 Often-somber drama has language, sex, drinking.
0.625 This is a decidedly minor effort, directed by Dante Ariola with a bland, generic eye, missing the pathos of interesting drama and the charm of quality romantic cinema.
0.25 One of those many indies that exist to give actors a chance to go slumming.
0.5 Well-acted but ultimately unmemorable ...
0.4 A slow, lethargic journey to nowhere, full of pseudo-profound dialogue and generic indie-drama plotting.
0.5 If anything, Arthur Newman is a reminder that some lonely people are lonely for a good reason.
0.7 Without a satisfying finale, Arthur Newman might come across as just an acting exercise. If so, it's still an impressive one.
0.4 The film equivalent of a dysfunctional computer sloppily assembled from discarded parts of other machines.
0.5 The promise it begins with doesn't pay off. And while "Arthur Newman" is not a complete disaster, it does leave you wishing the romance and the ride had been a whole lot smoother.
0.5 How can two performers as charming as Colin Firth and Emily Blunt make a movie with so little charm?
0.5 It's almost its own genre in indie films: Boring middle-aged man tired of his existence meets up with free-spirited but troubled younger woman. Romance and newfound meaning ensue.
0.5 Rent "Something Wild" instead. It tells a similar story with style, humor and pathos.
0.5 "He was kind of boring," Kevin says to Mina about his dad. "I mean, the lectures." And boring he remains.
0.75 OK, so hear me out. This movie is about Colin Firth having hot, dress-up sex with this drifter named Mike.
0.5 The script of "Arthur Newman," written two decades ago by Becky Johnston, cries out for deadpan anonymity, not the charismatic likes of these two.
0.5 Has two excellent actors on board and not a singular character who feels real as written.
0.625 Throughout Dante Ariola's film, the expressions of the false-identity theme are multitudinous, and about as subtle as Wallace's choice for a new last name.
0.5 The resolution for both characters, in a finale that turns disappointingly conventional, is so sad that it left me depressed beyond hope.
0.75 A wistful, well-acted run-away-to-find-yourself dramedy
0.6 You'll soon wish the film were about someone a bit more exciting ...
0.6 Road movie about two unhappy people who take on new identities only to find they still have to face their problems.
0.5 The generic feel that's been hard-wired into virtually everything that transpires within Arthur Newman grows more and more disheartening as time progresses...
0.2 Ariola is trying maintain a tricky balance: we have to know Arthur's green-grey world to understand what he's trying to escape from. But unfortunately the man is the movie and movie is wearisome.
0.8 It's probably more historically important than it is a masterpiece (the last 20 minutes take the missed conections and misunderstandings an inch too far), but it's still very easy to fall in love with.
0.6 Perhaps not the greatest of the screwball comedies, but Frank Capra's It Happened One Night is one of the racier.
0.875 Viewed even today with all of its plot elements recycled ad nauseam by Hollywood (for rom-coms, road trip comedies, odd couple/buddy films, etc.), the film still holds up because we believe Gable and Colbert and can identify with them both right away.
1.0 It's nearly impossible to find anyone who doesn't love it. Or doesn't feel, in some way, that it speaks to them.
0.8 It Happened One Night was in many ways a predecessor to the modern romantic comedy, and its dynamics will still feel familiar to the current-day viewer.
1.0 As buoyant and elegant as bubbles in a glass of champagne, Frank Capra's sublime 1934 comedy... survives triumphantly because of its wit, charm, romantic idealism and its shrewd sketch of married life.
1.0 Still one of the best screwball comedies.
1.0 A screwball comedy with charm and sass it established a template that countless films have followed down the decades.
0.8 It Happened One Night is pure delight.
1.0 As classy and charming a romantic comedy as you're ever likely to see...
1.0 Both stars loathed the experience yet turned in two of their most enduring performances.
1.0 An old school classic.
0.7 The story of a runaway heiress falling in with a devilish, wise-cracking reporter on a cross-country roadtrip now seems like a cliche only because so many other films have copied its structure.
1.0 Only minorly dated, this film would play well for modern audiences despite being more than 70 years old.
0.7 Who can resist a movie where the girl's father provides his daughter with a getaway car from her own wedding?
1.0 It Happened One Night is a true classic in every sense of the word, one that withstands the test of time and indeed defies it completely.
1.0 The romantic comedy that all others draw from, few imitate effectively, and none have been able to replicate.
1.0 Not only will the Walls of Jericho fall, but so will the walls of your heart.
1.0 Still as good as everyone says it is.
0.8 It dates badly, but there's enough here to make it worthwhile
1.0 Uma perola de bom humor e otimismo.
1.0 It happened one night in 1934, and it happens every time we watch this utterly beguiling film.
0.9 The ultimate dizzy, romantic, screwball comedy.
0.875 Its opposites-attract melding of screwball comedy and the road trip elements has become one of about a half-dozen standard love story formulas. Most years, there's at least one theatrical release that owes a debt to this film.
0.8 Gruesome yet imaginative teen psychosexual drama.
1.0 The inner tension of the film emerges from Jackson's enjoyment of the girls' bustling insanity and then his gradual withdrawal from it.
0.875 This incredible film may be director Peter Jackson's masterpiece.
0.8 Fantasy and reality blur in a chilling film that shows Jackson's limitless potential
0.8 The movie that first got Jackson & Winslet noticed
1.0 Peter Jackson creates a rich, haunting atmosphere, deftly juggling the eerily giddy fantasy world of the girls and their harsh, violent reality.
0.8 A disturbing, boldly conceived story.
0.875 An odd, but mostly effective mix of melodrama, fantasy and voice-over.
1.0 Beautifully, horribly passionate.
0.8 One of the most genuinely disturbing films I have ever seen.
1.0 Despite the undeniable merits of Jackson's other works, Heavenly Creatures strikes me as the best film he has made.
1.0 Powerful
1.0 A beautiful, haunting masterpiece from Peter Jackson, and proof that The Lord of the Rings isn't the only rabbit in his hat.
0.8 Taut, clever, and fronted with two excellent performances, this is a clever choice for Jackson's first step into mainstream filmmaking.
0.8 17-year-old Kate Winslet made her film debut in this compelling blend of true crime and dark fantasy...
0.5 ...the writer and director, Peter Jackson, could not decide what kind of movie he wanted to make...
0.875 Revealed in unforgettable fashion by a capable director, the events that unfold in this film are not easily forgotten.
0.875 What makes Jackson's film enthralling and frightening is the way it shows these two unhappy girls, creating an alternative world so safe and attractive they thought it was worth killing for.
0.8 ...A work of remarkable clarity and vision, as well as one of the most original pictures of this or any other year.
1.0 An unforgettable experience.
0.75 This is a film with more visual creativity than many fantasy films.
0.9 Heavenly Creatures is dazzling; a perversely original psychodrama.
1.0 Heavenly Creatures is definitely one of the most engrossing and best films of the 90s.
0.5 A movie that begins with high tension gradually fizzles out.
0.5 This might have worked better as a television episode or a short film, but as a feature, it's merely another one of those overly-long films where the audience must wait around in silence for the same conclusion we've seen countless times.
0.625 A conventional yet entertaining romantic comedy...
0.4 Bateman and Aniston are fine but don't have any real chemistry together, whilst the direction is flat and rather uninteresting. It has the occasional good moment, but "The Switch" fails to push any buttons. Or, indeed, pull any switches.
0.4 despite a novel plot device, The Switch is a disappointingly formulaic film and at times quite soulless.
0.625 You have to overlook a whole lot of guff in order to enjoy the slight but pleasurable entertainment of The Switch.
0.75 Directors Josh Gordon and Will Speck find some heart and wit in the screenplay, and they draw a strong performance from Bateman, who?s funny and sympathetic as the lovelorn Wally.
0.8 I would describe this movie first as sweet, then as funny - though the funny is definitely present, either dry and sly, or big and farcical. It's definitely a movie worth checking out.
0.5 Another week, another Jennifer Aniston rom-com. This one's passable, but saddled with a problematic central plot device.
0.6 Aniston still has a winning way with a comic line although it is really Bateman who carries the film, yet even his understated performance is consistently upstaged by young Robinson.
0.4 Let down by inconsistent characterisation and finally ending in gloopy sentimentality and silliness.
0.6 Aniston has wasted herself on some pretty thankless roles recently, but she is exactly right for this movie.
0.4 It strains to portray a progressive modern woman, but Aniston's role is the weakest link.
0.6 There's an interesting story in there somewhere about nature and nurture, and the pros and cons of being clever or merely good-looking.
0.4 Despite winning turns by Lewis and an on-form Goldblum, the laughs are in short supply.
0.6 There's much to enjoy, if not quite enough to disguise the film's essential awkwardness in trying to cover too many bases.
0.8 There are some good lines, especially from the supporting cast including Jeff Goldblum and Juliette Lewis, and enough moving and witty touches, despite the contrived and predictable plot.
0.4 Co-helmers Josh Gordon and Will Speck don't just distort the original intention of Eugenides's story, they force it kicking and screaming into a romantic comedy mould.
0.4 One wonders how much more of these kinds of films Aniston can make.
0.6 This is exactly the kind of role that suits Jen down to the ground. As Kassie, she's dead funny, deeply watchable and hugely likeable. It's just a shame there's not more of her.
0.6 Surprisingly likeable relationship comedy-drama, enlivened by terrific performances from Jason Bateman, Jeff Goldblum and young Thomas Robinson...
0.6 Jason Bateman plays the reserved guy we're used to by now, but he has so much charisma his character Wally is effortlessly watchable, and the best thing about the film.
0.625 Mildly entertaining, but there's no reason not to wait for the DVD.
0.625 The movie doesn't suck. Which is not to say it's great, but thanks to a wonderfully nuanced performance by Bateman, it is surprisingly moving in spots...
0.7 A movie that, based on its premise, has absolutely no business being as good as it is. An affecting and very entertaining father-son story.
0.6 Isn't without its moments, but any time Aniston and Bateman push at something more honest and truthful, the film purposefully snaps back into standard rom-com mode.
0.875 At its best, The Switch plays against expectations.
0.2 An attractive and talented cast is utterly wasted in this insipid alleged comedy.
0.6 ... the movie has its charms, mostly thanks to the star chemistry of Aniston and Bateman.
0.6 You know within five minutes of the start exactly where The Switch is heading, but getting there is still a surprisingly entertaining journey.
0.8 Jennifer Aniston finally hits paydirt with a cleverly written rom-com about a broody single woman who turns to the turkey baster.
0.125 So annoying I wanted to throw a turkey baster at it.
0.75 In The Switch, Bateman plays a not-so-romantic lead who sometimes makes you want to shake him. And still, he's never been so appealing.
0.4 The Switch sets some kind of record in the creepy-premise category: It's about a guy who woos a girl by sneaking his sperm into her uterus. Now, that's romantic.
0.75 Bateman turns the standard leading male archetype on its head.
0.6 Wisely the emphasis is on Jason Bateman and Thomas Robinson and not Jennifer Aniston
0.375 A real switch would have been to draw some real characters and let them dictate the story instead of plugging good actors into a tired formula.
0.125 A walkout-bad, 'bait and switch' rip-off bearing less resemblance to Juno or Little Miss Sunshine than to terrible TV sitcoms revolving around the shopworn 'one big lie' plot device.
0.6 A slightly more serious take on the rom-com, this film benefits hugely from its likeable cast even though the script lets frequently them down.
0.5 Robinson is the only saving grace of the movie, stealing every scene that he appears in. He almost salvages this wreck that fails to pass muster and should have gone straight to...
0.7 It's indie-Bateman against Hollywood-Aniston. And for the most part, Bateman wins. It's shocking an idea this absurd can work, but it's funny and charming.
0.625 Jeff Goldblum was The Fly before Aniston was slumming under the rainbow in Leprechaun and Bateman stood in Valerie's family photos. Goldblum can wear the same purple shirt in every scene if he wants to...
0.25 Did none of the filmmakers -- or the (mostly women) viewers at my screening -- not realize that Wally's action of implanting his unwanted sperm into Kassie qualifies as a form of rape? We're supposed to cheer Wally on -- shouldn't he be going to jail?
0.5 Quirky and implausible, it's a formulaic and utterly predictable romance.
0.4 The only problem with this Jennifer Aniston rom-com is, well, Jennifer Aniston.
0.5 Just because a star's personal life makes for engrossing, if deceptive reading, doesn't mean their movies are anywhere nearly as entertaining.
0.5 Not bad bad as the poster makes it out to be, but not good either.
0.8 suffused with a piquant sense of melancholia . . . it makes its points with sly precision and a wicked sense of humor
0.625 The Switch proves Jason Bateman should headline more features - and that we don't need another sperm donor comedy.
0.5 t's worth noting at this point that in real life, a good number of people, most of them doctors, have gone to jail for fraudulently inseminating women.
0.625 There aren't enough surprises to justify the title, but The Switch produces sufficient light for a late-summer diversion.
0.684 Heartfelt and occasionally funny albeit unsurprising and somewhat contrived. Newcomer Thomas Henderson steals the show in the best performance by a child actor in recent memory.
0.1 There's not enough RU-486 in the world to make this movie stop existing.
0.2 Do women desirous of offspring actually throw "I'm Getting Pregnant" parties at which their chosen sperm donor arrives bearing baby juice in a plastic cup?
0.3 Perverse gender politics are at play here in this insemination fantasy about a man hijacking a woman's uterus in a long play to win her heart.
0.625 The comedy itself suffers from awkward scheduling. Though this isn't its only wrinkle.
0.6 The Switch is a romantic comedy that presents a rare surprise: it won't make you want to scoop out your eyes with a soup ladle.
0.75 Despite a relatively predictable plot and inconsistent pacing, The Switch scores thanks to a good balance of humor and heart.
0.4 Amiable fluff that takes its time learning how to walk, talk, and generally act like the kid-centric rom-com that it is.
0.6 OK romcom centers on sperm donation, single parenthood.
0.75 For Bateman (adeptly mixing melancholia with humor), Goldblum, and a boy whose talents haven't been since the young Jonathan Lipnicki ... pregnant pause here ... this film bears watching.
0.75 Evolves from an uneasy romantic comedy into a surprisingly tender and generous love story about fathers and sons as well as men and women...
0.625 The chemistry between Jason Bateman and a grave, sweet child actor gives 'The Switch' a little melancholy magic you might not expect, what with its sitcom-y plot and dialogue.
0.2 Likable cast wasted in a dopey comedy. But hey, at least it has the first head-lice-removal instructional montage in romcom history.
0.7 The Switch is a wonderfully cute flick that builds realistic chemistry between a father and son. Jason Bateman and Thomas Robinson have amazing emotional arcs.
0.75 A warm, quirkily observant film, strengthened by some appealing performances and a low-key, easygoing vibe.
0.5 Tries to be more than a sitcom but keeps falling back on cheap laughs.
0.625 With so much working against the film, it's a genuine surprise when you find yourself entertained anyway, thanks to the strong comedic leads.
0.4 It's Judd Apatow lite, Farrelly brothers special blend. Just call it When Harry Met Sally and Her Ovum.
0.75 The surprise in The Switch is that the star of the movie is Jason Bateman, not Jennifer Aniston. It's a good surprise.
0.5 The truly dusty cliche it drags out again is the cute couple who don't, you know, think-of-each-other-like-that. Until, of course, they do.
0.7 Thoroughly entertaining.
0.4 The first third of The Switch, directed by Josh Gordon and Will Speck, is so bizarre that it leads you to wonder if, through some miraculous lack of oversight, the movie will blaze an unpredictable path. No such luck.
0.5 It's not horrible and it has the sense to make the most of Bateman's talents, but it's awfully hard to relate to people who can't figure out Clark Kent is Superman wearing glasses.
0.4 The Switch is built like a romantic comedy, except that there's no romance -- and precious little comedy, for that matter.
0.5 Another in a recent line of romcoms eager to get us laughing all the way to the sperm bank, and then to the infant dividends beyond.
0.375 I know I'm the first one to complain about how Hollywood needs to give us something we haven't seen before, but if this is the result, please give me 3 more Freddy Krueger movies and a remake of Gilligan's Island starring Zac Efron.
0.7 Don't be fooled by misleading advertising or even your own preconceptions. It turns out The Switch is a heck of a wonderful film. Once the film gets beyond its ridiculous set-up, it hits a poignant stride few will see coming.
0.6 Shaggy and likable, but not lovable, The Switch is the rare romantic comedy that's actually about and made for adults.
0.375 so unimaginative and formula-driven...that it seems entirely to have been hashed out by executives over a long lunch.
0.5 Let's all agree that comedies based around sperm banks or sperm donations should be banned from our fair shores forever
0.8 A spiffy romantic comedy about secrets, friendship, love, nurturing, and the human race.
0.75 ...the best romantic comedy to come down the pike in some time.
0.375 The film is not comedic enough to be considered a comedy, not dramatic enough to be a drama, not romantic enough to be a romance, and not believable enough to be a slice-of-life.
0.6 A surprisingly heartfelt comedy that succeeds thanks to the great chemistry between Jason Bateman and newcomer Thomas Robinson.
0.5 Aniston and Bateman each bring a rare Bordeaux, and the writers bring Spam on white bread. You can skip the picnic or show up and have a glass of wine.
0.5 Unfortunately, this latest ho-hum rom-com from Hollywood's industrial commissary comes out half-baked despite noble efforts by two undeniably likable stars who try to rescue it from mediocrity.
0.5 Didn't Jennifer Lopez play essentially the same role this year in The Back-Up Plan? Only in the movies are glamorous, 40ish single women leaping into single parenthood via sperm donation.
0.7 More his journey than hers, more satire than slapstick, the film is that rare example of rom-com about men, which turns out to be a nice switch indeed.
0.6 Thanks to Bateman's truly winning performance as a bit of a loser, "The Switch" manages to earn our laughter and our respect in equal measure.
0.5 Aniston and Bateman find a funny chemistry together, and the film's bemusing setup unfolds with wit and charm. As 6-year-old Sebastian, Thomas Robinson steals every scene he's in.
0.75 The Jason Bateman film his fans have been waiting for.
0.5 Allan Loeb wrote the script. Josh Gordon and Will Speck directed. What they've done is concoct something gimmicky and banal.
0.5 There's zero heat between Aniston and Bateman; what synthetic feelings the film does generate involve the father/son relationship.
0.625 Far more surprising than the blinding preposterousness of The Switch's opening passages is the fact that the film smoothly recovers to become a passable character-driven rom-com.
0.5 Marketed as a comedy about a woman taking charge of her life ... offers up a woman whose life apparently isn't worth exploring until she finds a father for her son.
0.375 A textbook case of Hollywood chauvinism.
0.5 The film offers few - make that no - surprises. What almost saves it is the acting.
0.3 All you can do is sit there, loathing these characters, waiting for them to learn the truth and wishing to be somewhere else.
0.625 I wish it were great, but "pretty good" puts it ahead of plenty of recent romantic comedies. Puh-LEN-ty.
0.75 The set-up alone has some of the funniest semen humor since There's Something About Mary.
0.5 Bateman and Aniston have no chemistry, and the movie's most entertaining moments come from Jeff Goldblum in the thankless supportive-friend role.
0.625 All that's good about The Switch is undermined by the need to conform to romantic comedy standards and by the predictable performance of a miscast Jennifer Aniston.
0.75 The best Jennifer Aniston movie in ages is actually a star vehicle for Jason Bateman. And Aniston's work opposite the screen's premiere mild-mannered funnyman shows her at her most engaged and pitch perfect.
0.4 Marvel at the desperate spectacle of three comic leads ... being outperformed by the wide-eyed Robinson, a quiet collector of silences.
0.625 ...an affable (yet thoroughly uneven) piece of work...
0.4 Puts good intentions and appealing performances into the balance against cliches of dead-end neighborhoods and rebellious (but sensitive) youth.
0.25 Cisneros is an appealing actor, but he and Falling Awake get buried under a welter of cliches.
0.3 I'm all for telling generic stories about young artists rising above their lot in life, but for goodness sake, at least shoot it right.
0.6 Playing smarter and smoother than the plot, Cisneros uncorks an antimacho performance that deviates from type.
0.25 Casts a collection of illustrious no-names in a fatuous gangland epic of multicultural tensions between blacks and Puerto Ricans.
0.83 While you might expect a cheap quickie designed to cash in on the Tim Burton feature ... Malice in Wonderland is actually an honest and at times intriguing updating of the classic set in modern times, in the cockney underworld of South London.
0.6 Genuinely original interpretation of the Brit gangster and Lewis Carroll's surreal tale.
0.2 Quite apart from the fact that it mistakes sexism and homophobia for sardonic liberal rib-tickling, even at 80 minutes, the film feels like a brash, crass and boneheaded music promo that's been stretched to breaking point.
0.4 Malice In Wonderland does little to remind you of the performances that once had critics and even the late great Harold Pinter crowing about his talent as [Dyer] started out on the West End stage.
0.2 Despite a certain visual flair, Malice in Wonderland just isn't very good. The screenplay is the main problem - it's just too flat and unimaginative to justify the larger-than- life cartoon characters that populate the movie.
0.4 Dyer has some funny lines, and he makes the most of them, proving that he is actually a good performer, all too often marooned in endless geezer knees-ups. But otherwise it's a bit pointless and heavy-handed.
0.4 Alice's adventures lose something in their contemporary translation, and there is very little to care about. It's nicely shot, though, in the style of a 1980s music video.
0.0 Simon Fellows and screenwriter Jayson Rothwell have come up with one of the worst ever ideas for a movie and created a cinematic abomination devoid of point, humour and entertainment value.
0.4 A good idea that unfortunately doesn't quite work, thanks to poor direction and a script that's not as clever or as funny as it thinks it is.
0.2 The presence of Danny Dyer, meanwhile, has likely tipped you off to the fact that it's a) set in a world of Brit gangsters, and b) not very good.
1.0 Jolson's best acting; great Rodgers & Hart score; quirky rhymed dialogue
0.9 Even things that are more jarring than effective -- school children and teachers singing "My Country 'Tis of Thee" with a cut on every syllable -- are unforgettable.
0.8 A very strange, pre-code, quasi-musical with a socialist message and a talking performance by silent comic Harry Langdon.
0.8 Glossy romance as an angel falls for a surgeon.
0.75 The movie's eerie, slightly menacing vision of black-clad angels lurking in the shadowy corners of unsuspecting lives is genuinely haunting.
0.75 As a remake it's not as poetic as Wenders' masterpiece Wings of Desire, but it's supremely mounted (by ace lenser John Seale) and contains touching performances from Nicolas Cage and Meg Ryan deviating from their respective screen images.
0.4 Superb imagery can't compensate for deficiencies of Dana Steven's script and can't hide the formulaic nature of this film.
0.4 This useless remake lacks the sheer ethereal beauty of the original Wings of Desire.
0.375 A thinking person's film for those who can't think.
0.9 A beautiful film in many ways.
0.75 Marries romance and faith in a love story as charming as a handmade valentine. It is so lovely to look at and so sincere in intent that its flaws don't matter much.
0.75 My face had been locked in that goofy, awestruck expression you experience only in Spielberg movies. City of Angels demonstrates the best kind of emotionally manipulative filmmaking.
1.0 Uma pequena perola que faz jus ao filme no qual foi inspirada.
0.75 A lovely oddity.
1.0 Una de esas que gustan cada vez mas, a medida que se ve y se vuelve a ver.
0.875 Not a typical Hollywood movie. It is beautifully filmed in lush colors by cinematographer John Seale, whose sweeping aerial shots and golden lighting make Los Angeles into an almost unrecognizable new world.
0.6 It manages to leave a pleasant afterglow for those in the mood for its kind of loving.
0.8 Cage, Ryan and Franz are all quite good in their roles. The love story between Seth and Maggie is low-key, but it works.
0.625 The monotonic and glacially paced story eventually comes to its completely predictable and highly manipulative ending.
0.625 Standard-issue Hollywood romantic fantasy.
0.5 My idea for a tagline for this film: 'You will believe that an angel can have a boner.'
0.3 Slow, boring, and long in running time.
0.5 [Director Silberling] attempted to make a movie of pure sentiment, but whenever he seems to strike a genuine chord -- and he's clearly capable of touching the viewer -- he pushes it too far and it turns sappy.
0.4 The emphasis in City of Angels is more on simple romance than lofty questions of eternity.
0.4 Needless Hollywood dumbing-down of Wim Wenders.
0.625 The film struggles to grasp some important topics...but the film has never attained the weight needed to deal with anything of substance.
0.75 As angel movies go, this is one of the better ones, not least because Meg Ryan is so sunny and persuasive as a heart surgeon who falls in love with an angel.
0.8 The movie has some good issues to raise about choices and destiny and intimacy and the importance of smelling the roses.
0.79 A romance and a tear-jerker, but what might have come off as simply maudlin, instead shines brightly with the fine acting of Meg Ryan and Nicolas Cage.
0.6 A little too heavy on the melodrama to really succeed as a great love story, this still has good performances from both stars and some heavenly moments.
0.75 Surprisingly well-executed.
0.875 Manages to update [Wings of Desire] so that the freshness and passion still exist within the characters and the story. It is a triumph of conception, camera movements, and emotional feelings.
0.75 A powerful, somber and highly intellectual picture, it is not even remotely the kind of thing one would expect to a Hollywood studio to mold into a star vehicle.
0.75 City of Angels is more romantic than profound, but Dana Stevens' script is thoughtful and intelligent, and I never felt insulted by what the characters say, do, or think.
0.8 An old-style Hollywood love story, a multi-hanky weeper.
0.3 Awash in angelic choruses and panoramic scenery, the movie aspires toward a solemnity that Dana Stevens's prosaic psychobabbling screenplay cannot support.
0.3 Glossy but with no heart, City of Angels is a smooth, unchallenging bit of fluff, about as romantic as a Hallmark card.
0.5 Just another contract-player time-killer.
0.5 Lacks a fresh point of view and its people lack individuality.
0.625 Nothing new in writer-director Jason Freeland's Garden Party, then, nor anything particularly insightful about the mercenary business of getting by and ahead out here.
0.375 It's familiar stuff if you've sampled the vast body of work devoted to LA-dammerung.
0.8 Exotic romance in early three-strip Technicolor with great stars.
0.25 Is it worse as a love story or as a drama about the sorry state of television news? The answer: It's a tie.
0.4 Glitz! Glamour! Love! TV news ethics?
0.6 A perfectly respectable effort, but with all the talent involved it could have been better.
0.4 Bland TV expose loosely based on the life of Jessica Savitch
0.4 Final proof that "based on actual events" means absolutely nothing.
0.5 There is no real sexual tension between [Pfeiffer and Redford] from the get-go, so when they finally do get together, it feels forced, ungenuine.
0.6 It doesn't get anymore romantic than this
0.4 Serious flick that feels more like a satire of a Robert Redford film.
0.625 This is one of those untaxing time-killers where you spend a lot of time pondering which of its actress's changing hairstyles you like best.
0.7 The Lower Depths both gains and loses by its proximity to Renoir's later masterpieces: It's not one of them them, but the same guy made it.
0.75 The relationship between Gabin's Pepel and Jouvet's Baron is a brilliant one -- Renoir pointing to their internal similarities by stressing their external differences.
0.6 Unplanned pregnancy leads to family lies, surprise romance.
0.875 Reeves and Sanchez-Gijon generate a palpaple romantic chemistry that makes this shamelessly sappy, often unabashedly cornball story work.
0.4 Pure yucky mush. And Keanu can't act.
0.5 It doesn't take a genius to figure out how this film ends--though it is a bit shocking how abrupt and, yes, unsatisfying it is.
0.6 This last gasp MGM musical still features enough curiousity to make it worthwhile.
0.6 Not as bad as some would make you believe. But I'm still not looking forward to that Clint Eastwood Sings Sinatra album.
0.4 About as fun as painting a wagon.
0.7 ...a surplus of good, hummable tunes, breezy dialogue and characterizations, beautiful location shots, and excellent DVD transfer.
0.75 A fun no-brainer that successfully casts a sweet romantic spell.
0.0 No laughs in this one at all. Who decided to write a movie about a club designer? Boring concept, no chemistry.
0.0 Fools rush in to watch this stupid romantic comedy.
0.5 Stick to the sitcoms, Matt.
0.5 Take away the ethnic/pregnancy angles, and we've seen this premise countless times -- all the way back to the spate of post-World War II romances about returning veterans and the mates they married in a blink.
0.75 Shakhnazarov, who began his film career in the Soviet era and was about the age of his protagonists in '73, brings an authenticity to the material, as well as a certain wistfulness in his excellent re-creation of Brezhnev-era Moscow.
0.8 A nicely turned film about the crushing inevitability of change.
0.6 Evocative period details and persuasive performances lend a poignant sadness to Karen Shakhnazarov's familiar, but well-told, coming-of-age tale.
0.75 [Director] Shakhnazarov came of age during the Soviet Union's Communist days and brings firsthand experience to the Brezhnev-era The Vanished Empire.
0.6 In The Vanished Empire, Mr. Shakhnazarov, a prolific and under-recognized Russian filmmaker with a surrealist touch, views the collapse of the Soviet Union as an inevitable conflation of the younger generation's natural impulse to reject the past.
0.6 A Russian film about a self-absorbed youth who is driven by an insatiable yearning to have whatever he wants.
0.4 The moralistic finale feels tacked on to the vivid celebration of Commie teen lust.
0.625 The lost-world aura of the film's clumsy youths provides an inexorable dig into Brezhnev-era diffidence.
0.46 Ultimately, Happiness seems most distinctive not as a specific director's work, but rather as an entry in a distinctly Korean melodramatic subgenre.
0.8 Depicts a very specific mental state too shaded and delicate for most movies to feel comfortable approaching it.
1.0 Excellent but mature film about finding a connection.
0.875 An excellent top notch gem with beautiful direction courtesy of Sofia Coppola...
0.7 Transcends its initial culture clash comic riffs to evolve into something altogether more moving by the end. As a result, it's a work of considerable power and pathos.
1.0 Working this time with her own story, Coppola lets it relax and breathe, devoting herself to moods and moments.
0.875 This is another step in Mr. Murray's career and one that hopefully gets him the recognition he deserves.
1.0 Alternately laugh-out-loud silly and profoundly moving, kudos to Sofia Coppola for managing to capture an undeniable chemistry between Murray and his 18 year-old co-star, despite a certain asexuality.
1.0 Perfectly acted. Immeasurably funny. A great second outing for director Sofia Coppola.
0.8 From the casting choices to the soul-soothing musical score to glimpses into Japanese visual culture, it's obvious that Sofia pays careful attention that each element of the film stands strong alone, but can also contribute to the whole.
0.8 Like so many things made in Japan, Sofia Coppola's new film is smaller and less costly than its standard American counterpart while at the same time superior in most important respects.
0.8 A magnificent picture because it specifically goes out of its way to avoid the cliches and elements would usually expect to see when watching this kind of boy meets girl movie.
1.0 This is an exquisite movie on every possible level, from the script and direction to the performances to the cinematography.
0.6 If you've got patience, you might enjoy it, but this is S-L-O-W.
1.0 By far, one of the best films of the year.
0.875 As in Rushmore...kindness is the underlying trait of Murray's character.
0.875 The movie should have been a masterpiece of mood and character, and it almost is, revolving as it does around two wonderful performances.
1.0 Lost in Translation will bring in the new wave of young filmmakers who realise the power of emotion and introspection and the audience thinking for themselves.
0.875 Murray has been singing songs to us ever since his old days on Saturday Night Live, but never like this.
0.875 'Una cinta tierna, emotiva, estupendamente bien actuada y agradablemente honesta. Uno de los mejores filmes del ano, sencillamente inolvidable'
1.0 El detalle del susurro pasara a la historia como uno de los elementos narrativos mas hermosos que se han filmado jamas...
0.9 Ms. Coppola is well on her way to becoming a talent in her own right, and Lost in Translation is a great next step in that journey.
1.0 ... A brilliant meditation on loneliness and life itself ...
0.5 ...director Sofia Coppola does a laudable - but ultimately unsatisfying - job of presenting a ships-that-pass-in-the-night scenario...
1.0 Coppola somehow gets to the essence of human wanting with an amazing efficiency of style.
0.85 Despite momentary lags in taste, Coppola's film is funny and sweet, while Murray and Johannson are, in turn, sublime and affecting.
0.9 Coppola reigns in Murray's usual sarcastic schtick and as a result he delivers a truly wonderful performance that is warm, understated and charming.
0.85 Quiet, solemn, and introspective, Lost in Translation conveys so much emotion with so few words.
1.0 The best film of 2003.
0.7 A smart, stylish portrait of a romance that never happens, with excellent performances and a message delivered in restrained whisper rather than Hollywood shout.
0.625 It's a film of few words, not a wacky SNL Bill Murray. An abstract meditation on life, self, marriage w/ a few accents of humor shot entirely in Japan.
0.8 Lost In Translation is a subtly moving movie that stays with you longer than you expect.
0.875 ... a film that explores the boundaries and responsibilities of a relationship free of the judgment that outsiders would inevitably impose upon it.
1.0 There's not a word or a wistful glance out of place in Sofia Coppola's offbeat comedy drama.
1.0 Extraordinary in its beautiful, lyrical simplicity...Coppola's seemingly effortless, flawlessly fluid command of the film's moods and unspoken emotions is cinematic bliss.
0.8 This Bill Murray is not only the most human, but in many ways the funniest.
0.875 ...[an] intimate glossy project with a solid purpose...[a] compellingly warm and intuitive narrative...imaginative and inherently heartfelt
1.0 It's one of those unique, introverted gems, like The Accidental Tourist or The Piano, that either enfolds you with its generosity of spirit or leaves you cold.
0.875 The power of Lost in Translation is in the way it sneaks up on you.
1.0 A fidelidade de Sofia Coppola e devotada a seus personagens, e nao ao espectador. E esta e, mais uma vez, a decisao correta.
1.0 A thoughtful, moving film that's a pure delight from beginning to end.
0.625 How sorry can you feel for rich, unadventurous Americans in a major funk?
0.9 There's an almost ethereal rawness to this film that gets way under the skin.
1.0 a beautiful, lyrical cinematic ode to lost souls finding each in an unlikely place
0.875 Director Sofia Coppola's second feature film is so smart and, yet, simple that it is nearly perfect.
1.0 It's that perfect movie that you watch in order to feel that you may not be alone in the world after all. It works like a dream.
0.7 I wasn't quite as impressed as I was apparently supposed to be, and I feel oddly left out because of that.
1.0 "Lost in Translation" is a movie about almost nothing at all except a tenuous connection between two lost souls.
1.0 Lost in Translation finds something that occasionally happens between people and presents it realistically...one of the best pictures of the year.
0.8 At this rate, writer-director Sofia Coppola is poised to become a classic storyteller who is more subtle, if not as grand-scale, as her father.
1.0 The film is poetically austere in dialogue but thoughtful. Like a walk on a spring day, Lost in Translation is not momentous but rather pleasantly freeing.
0.875 It's a movie about disconnection: from your family, from the world around you, even from yourself. It's a movie about being trapped in that high chair and wanting so badly to be able to reach that floor.
0.8 A film about catharsis, the kind that exists outside of movies: the slow reawakening, triggered by the compassion and like-mindedness of another, that everyone craves.
0.625 ...Coppola's more interested in establishing the mood of this foreign land, instead of allowing us to really get to know the two central characters.
1.0 Murray, as Bob, gives the performance of his career.
0.8 In a manner that is leisurely in pace, ruminative in nature and quiet in tone ... Coppola gives her lonely travellers all the space they need to make this tentative and ultimately magical connection.
1.0 The film crackles with the energy of Bob and Charlotte's connection, and their adventures in the hurry-and-flurry Tokyo nightlife are glittery, dreamlike, meditative and beautiful.
0.75 An effective mood piece about cultural dislocation and personal alienation...
1.0 Bob and Charlotte's relationship in particular is exquisitely portrayed; a sort of platonic romance, it's a relationship that exists because of the things that aren't said between them just as much as the things that are
1.0 the best film of the year...it's time to see what Bill Murray's really capable of. If he isn't nominated for Oscars for the film, it'll be a disgrace.
0.87 An amazing mood piece that captures the characters' inner turmoil, confusion, restlessness and the strange, surreal surroundings that are the cause for their discord.
0.9 Sometimes the experience of seeing a film so powerful in its presentation of human character is worth the arguable sacrifice of narrative tension
0.9 Bill Murray is perfectly cast and his performance is understated, like the entire film. He deserves an Oscar nomination.
1.0 A film of dazzling style and gentle triumph.
0.8 A wistful little film that gradually insinuates itself upon your consciousness.
0.875 [Murray] is effortlessly superb.
0.875 Lost in Translation offers such a wealth of wonderful themes that one hardly knows where to begin.
0.875 With Lost in Translation, director Sofia Coppola makes a serious bid to claim her last name for herself.
1.0 A movie as good as anything [Sofia Coppola's] daddy ever made -- and yet Lost in Translation is a movie he could not have made if he tried.
0.9 Sofia Coppola is a rising star, and this is definitely one of the best films of 2003.
1.0 Lost in Translation is delicate, heartfelt, and mesmerizing.
0.875 What could have been one of the year's best films is tripped up by a couple of sloppy contrivances.
0.8 Murray is outstanding as the bearer of flawed maturity and gnawing melancholy.
0.8 A film for any lost soul, anyone trying to figure where their life is headed and if they're happy about it.
0.625 Another elusive non-story about oh-so-existential beautiful misfits
0.875 The title doesn't refer to a misunderstanding so much as a state of being.
0.875 Lost in Translation is one of the year's best films, an intelligent, beautifully rendered mood piece that features Bill Murray at his absolute best.
0.6 The film works best when the two [leads] are having talks together with Murray playing it quiet and sincere. Sadly there are fewer of such moments than the film needed.
0.9 Tender and amazing.
0.9 Sofia has almost surpassed her dad.
1.0 It's a sharp, funny, tender and surprising film that pivots on Murray.
1.0 A gemlike movie that's intimate and moody but never sentimental.
0.875 Coppola clearly loves these characters, and so we do, too.
0.875 Murray has never been better than he is here, but then he's never had a part that fit him so well, either.
1.0 There is real magic afoot in Lost in Translation -- the sort that is created not at the wave of a wizard's wand, but by the coming together of two wayward souls.
0.75 In Lost in Translation, [Murray] emerges as a complete character -- honourable and venal, fallible and funny, adding vulnerability to the panache.
0.9 It's about time someone gave Bill Murray a leading juicy role the talented actor could sink his teeth into.
0.8 A superbly crafted movie, with knowing dialogue, fine performances and characters that you grow to care deeply for.
1.0 How instinctively we react -- and connect -- when a film captures a feeling that is all too common, and all too real.
1.0 Although Translation is only [Coppola's] second feature, she already shows signs of being a sensei, as the Japanese call a master.
1.0 It's no news that Murray is a creative comic actor, with films like Groundhog Day and Rushmore on his resume. Here he's at his very best.
0.75 Expertly captures a feeling of woozy bewilderment.
0.875 How to sing the praises of Lost in Translation without drowning out its subtle pleasures?
0.7 Personally, I had simply read/heard way too much hyperbole about this movie before my screening, so I couldn't help but feel a little let down afterwards.
0.65 This film would've worked really well as a short film, it's not terribly satisfying as a full length feature.
0.8 You don't need an interpreter to get that this a good movie.
1.0 Bill Murray and Scarlett Johansson make the first classic romance of the new century glow with gorgeous, luminous grace.
0.7 The weight of Sofia Coppola's circuitous script is carried on the shoulders of the career-defining performances given by Bill Murray and Scarlett Johansson.
0.875 Imbued with a blissful nostalgia for things that can never be recaptured, Lost in Translation is already poised to be one of the best movies of the year.
0.875 Lost in Translation's artful blend of romance and cross-cultural comedy is just the tonic for audiences weary of big, dumb, loud summer blockbusters.
1.0 It's a wonderful film, all subtlety and grace, from the delicate script of writer-director Sofia Coppola to the finely tuned efforts of Bill Murray, who gives a still, laconic yet mesmerizing performance.
0.875 By the end of Lost in Translation, we don't know much about Japan, but we know a lot more about the human condition.
0.875 Bill Murray and Scarlett Johansson give performances that will be talked about for years.
1.0 Subtly realized and finely nuanced, this is fresh and unspoiled filmmaking.
0.75 A terrific balance of comedy, drama and lyrical moments.
0.8 A brave and accomplished study of love and human connections that establishes the young Coppola as one of the most acute talents of her generation.
1.0 Murray is only one of many superb elements in Coppola's new film, a masterpiece on a level with her father's best work at the same age: namely, The Godfather.
0.875 Coppola, an assured and confident young filmmaker, has crafted a small poem, about being lost and being found.
1.0 [Coppola] gives us a film so poignant, so funny, so free of self-satisfied bravado, that one can't help but look forward to her next work.
1.0 Sublimely romantic and subtle.
1.0 Sweet and sad at the same time it is sardonic and funny.
1.0 It allows Scarlett Johansson to arrive as an actress at the same time it finally gives Bill Murray the great role that has always eluded him.
0.875 ...a tender visual poem about unexpected friendship, traveler's angst and the disassociating allure of Tokyo.
0.875 A smartly written, confidently directed film that delivers big laughs while developing two of the year's most earnest characters and some of its most rewarding sentiments.
1.0 As fine a look at dislocation as you're ever going to see, and it has the nice bonus of boasting Bill Murray's greatest performance.
1.0 One of the bests of 2003 with stellar performances by Bill Murray and Scarlett Johansson as Americans who reach across the age barrier to connect with each other in Tokyo.
0.9 You'll see it because you love Bill Murray. But somewhere about halfway through you'll realize that you're watching something much more than a dramatic vehicle for Hollywood's clown prince.
0.8 Coppola's mood-setting is pitch-perfect ... to be lost and alone in a strange place, full of strangers, feeling kind of sad and wistful.
1.0 Something truly special.
0.6 Lightweight and a bit of a let-down, Sofia Coppola's follow-up to the marvelous Virgin Suicides is nevertheless an interesting development in what's shaping up to be an interesting career.
1.0 One of the purest and simplest examples ever of a director falling in love with her star's gifts.
0.8 Tart and sweet, unmistakably funny and exceptionally well observed.
0.625 It's certainly edgier, smarter, than much of what passes for culture-clash comedy these days, even if the phlegmatic Murray sometimes resembles every Ugly American abroad, mocking waiters and sushi chefs who struggle to get his deadpan humor.
1.0 This is one of the year's most subtly moving films, and a strong affirmation of Coppola's substantial talent.
1.0 Remarkably sophisticated, honest, consistently hilarious and very real.
0.875 Mysterious and complex, as it muses bittersweetly on marriage, longing and the disconnectedness one can feel from another culture or people.
0.7 They'll always have Tokyo.
1.0 This study into the unfathomable depths of human relationships has more honesty than 95% of the movies I have seen this year.
0.8 Sofia Coppola developed the concept from a sketchy four-page outline into a 65-page script, which left lots of room for improvisation. And that's what's brilliant here. Patiently, she trusts her actors and cinematographer Lance Accord.
1.0 Lost in Translation is a witty laugh out-loud tale of friendship. Coppola breaks through and stands firmly at the edge of her future.
0.875 You'll think. You'll laugh. You'll be marvelously entertained. And you'll be touched.
0.48 Attractive and pleasant as it is, there's no escaping the impression that it feels like an overly hip exercise in soul-searching for those who thought American Beauty really did "look closer" at life.
1.0 Lyrical and deeply touching...as intimate, humane, and heartfelt as any love story this year.
0.7 a joy to watch
0.4 This tedious vanity piece is enlivened only by the charm of its leading man, Bill Murray
0.9 Like a favorite and enthralling CD soundtrack that takes you places magical.
0.875 The film's characters see their every disaffection hauntingly reflected onto the sounds and landscapes of the city they inhabit.
0.76 Coppola's technique of trusting the actors to find and deliver their moments scores big in telling her story and overcoming its deficiencies.
0.875 A poetic, powerful work.
0.5 All Gordon Green can manage are...dreamy images, blunt-edged characters and dialogue, splattered like so-much Cheese Whiz over a shapeless mess of a pseudo-poetic narrative.
0.2 Obriga o publico a passar duas horas ao lado de pessoas absolutamente desinteressantes.
0.4 The performances are convincing, and sufficiently nuanced to elevate the characters beyond mere cliche.
0.4 Zooey Deschanel, in her first starring role, barely saves this film from the murky bogs of independent dreck.
0.89 There are several moments so sublime, so ineffably and serenely beautiful, that you might be convinced that this sort of relationship could only happen in a dream.
0.6 A lot of the dialogue is funny and dumb and sometimes insightful, but there are also moments when something rings so false it feels you're watching an artfully directed episode of Dawson's Creek.
1.0 The story takes place in the real world, but the real world as it feels when you're in love or when you watch a great film like, say, this one.
0.4 A borderline- unwatchable excursion into rural romance.
0.4 Undisciplined, unfocused, overimprovised and unevenly acted.
1.0 an extraordinary ode to the power of first love and its ability to redeem, even when it involves heartbreak that, in retrospect, was inevitable
0.625 The characters just sit there and talk, and you start to feel you're trapped not at a movie but in a tiny diner somewhere, eavesdropping on a lot of uninteresting conversations.
0.5 One of those movies you're sure you're supposed to like, and then you wind up not liking it so much.
0.875 By dismissing the cliches of movie romance, "All the Real Girls" comes closer than most movies can to showing a couple falling in love.
1.0 As the best anti-Hollywood romance I've seen in years, the film restores my faith in the independent film movement.
0.875 If only the film had somewhere to go. Green refuses to opt for a pat ending, but the finish he went with is jarring and unsatisfying.
0.75 A wise, delicate and immensely touching romance.
0.875 Patiently reveals itself as a simply poetic romance told in fragments of Southern-accented conversation.
0.9 I have seen the cinematic future and his name is David Gordon Green.
0.75 The characters in All the Real Girls can seem a little thin ... but the emotions always feel genuine.
0.4 Director David Gordon Green knows more about how to capture a striking image on screen than telling a compelling story.
0.8 Has a much sharper focus than George Washington, making it a more accomplished picture.
0.75 A slice of regional poetry intrinsic to lives overlooked by, under-lived in comparison to, and outside the mainstream.
0.8 After a while, you feel like you're watching natural interactions rather than a scripted performance.
0.75 It's a beautifully realized and assured work packed with the kind of raw emotions that rarely make it to the screen.
0.625 Deschanel gives a heart-wrenching performance that often makes Schneider's seem inert.
0.75 A smartly acted, achingly simple love story.
0.875 There's something about the simplicity and directness of the relationship in All the Real Girls that truly touches the heart.
0.7 The joys, hurts and fears in any new relationship are so close to the surface for these characters that their attempts to navigate their feelings can be acutely painful to watch.
0.75 An anti-Hollywood romance; a tonic for all those weary of the usual cinematic overglamorization of love.
0.8 Green confirms his status as the most atmospherically distinctive American movie director since Paul Thomas Anderson.
0.5 One of those movies that can drive you freakin' nuts.
0.875 It's a love story stripped of trite narrative conventions and made to feel searingly honest.
0.75 Green's style will put him among the big names of a new generation of filmmakers
0.875 Green ... makes the movie raw, confused and vivid, just like the emotions its characters experience.
0.75 I enjoyed spending time with [Green's] characters (particularly Noel, who's beautifully played by the ever illuminating Deschanel) and in his world.
0.75 Green, who co-wrote the story with Schneider, allows the characters to say and do whatever feels real -- or failing that, whatever feels beautiful.
1.0 It gives you fuel for self-reflection, sadness to last a lifetime, plenty of food for thought once the tears subside and joy in knowing that great American cinema is alive and kicking. Brilliant.
1.0 Small-town romance has the poetry of the inarticulate, the faith of the wounded and the beauty of the everyday in every heartfelt frame.
0.875 This is a real deal about people of interest, and filmmaker Green is truly ripening.
0.75 A movie that eliminates Hollywood gloss and pop cliches -- and in their place offers an honest look at young love and its pitfalls.
0.75 Miraculously, Deschanel makes Noel the real girl that both Paul and the movie very much need.
1.0 As we stumble and trip our way through romance, hearts aren't just broken -- they deflate until they disappear. Watching `All the Real Girls' is like listening to the hissing sound.
1.0 Green is 27, old enough to be jaded, but he has the soul of a romantic poet.
0.5 The main characters are unremarkable, and most of the acting is dull.
0.625 Art-school stew, made, in this case, from Green's own leftovers.
0.75 A small movie about big emotions, with Green capturing the rush of love and sting of heartbreak with great vividness.
0.5 Wallows in high-fallutin' indie-ness while catering to self-indulgent reality.
0.625 ...now that I sit down to review the picture a couple weeks later, I barely remember it. Whatever positive impression it left sure didn't last.
0.8 Isn't likely to win over the romance audiences who look for fluffy distractions ... [but] will please those who like their relationship movies honest, realistic, and understated.
0.5 A handsomely photographed movie of little consequence.
0.6 The film's strengths are overshadowed by Green's flawed script, which wobbles awkwardly between art-house eccentricity and trite Hollywood sentimentality.
0.875 Serves as an incisive commentary on the extent to which we, as the modern audience, have learned to accept a certain contrived cleverness as the true evocation of love.
0.75 Girls isn't fabulous, but you do feel its characters really have connected.
0.4 Too many scenes feel like actor's exercises in which characters assume unconventional positions and suffer bouts of spontaneous dancing.
0.625 Paul Schneider, a buoyant young newcomer from North Carolina, is the No. 1 reason to see David Gordon Green's All the Real Girls.
0.875 A love story for dorks, and I mean that in the best possible way.
0.7 An incredibly real story about first love -- not just realistic, but real -- and a heart-breaking but unyielding portrait of what happens when that emotional purity inevitably falls apart.
0.75 One of the few films to honestly nail the awkwardness and ardor of young romance.
0.7 Mr. Green, with unabashed sincerity and exquisite tenderness, captures both the world-stopping intensity and the delicate absurdity of youthful longing.
0.6 Like the confused young people whose tumultuous emotions it details, David Gordon Green's All the Real Girls is exhilarating as well as a little bit frustrating to spend time with.
0.8 From a Southern perspective, the movie's a true breath of fresh air. For once, we're treated to Southern characters who aren't gun-totin' rednecks with exaggerated accents.
0.75 A realistic portrayal of how first love resonates on its lucky people in a small southern town.
0.6 This then is David Gordon Green's cinema - messy, frustrating, and fascinating, an ever-growing process towards something unknown.
0.8 A timeless portrait of two individuals' awkward, euphoric first encounter with love.
0.5 Rather than tying together into a satisfying whole, the fragments seem to fly off in any number of directions, and a sweet, simple tale of young love dissolves into a mishmash.
0.8 Predating "The King and I," and just as entertaining, minus the music.
0.6 Rex Harrison is sexy, Irene Dunne is prim, but the racism is evident.
0.8 A star is born in Nashville.
0.5 Peter Bogdanovich brings conviction but little else to this upbeat response to Robert Altman's Nashville.
0.75 The Thing Called Love charms and touches.
0.5 It's so sad that Phoenix went out not with a bang but with this whimper.
0.6 A highlight of Phoenix's career
0.0 River Phoenix gives a somnambulant impersonation of Christian Slater impersonating Jack Nicholson, and Samantha Mathis spends much of the movie trying to figure out exactly who her character is.
0.25 Perhaps no one could have saved Phoenix, who was not lucky enough to find a higher bottom than death. But this performance in this movie should have been seen by someone as a cry for help.
0.625 Aside from its blatantly commercial aspirations and predictable storyline, there is an appealing cast, enjoyable songs and some funny bits of business.
0.8 Sweet, funny and uplifting. Shu Qi sizzles.
0.5 Vince Vaughn is nowhere in sight, so you know it can't be a Valentine's Day offering from the Western world. It tries though. It tries.
0.4 The film feels disjointed and inorganic as it skips from one set of problems to another.
0.3 Devoid of charisma or a third dimension, these contrived characters - whether dissolute or doltish, shrill or sheepish - rarely engage.
0.625 The flaws aren't fatal. The beauty and brilliance that might have been, don't preclude the quality and bravery that exist on the screen.
0.2 The House of the Spirits is like Gone With the Wind with the fun and excitement replaced by lofty. All that's left is the wind.
0.5 How can an accomplished director take a great novel, the best actors working and the finest technicians available and make a film so... bland? It's a puzzlement.
0.25 This isn't just a bad movie -- it's hugely, grandiosely, pompously bad.
0.3 Inert from its opening moments to its too-long-delayed close, this lackluster production is an example of international filmmaking at its least attractive, and a misstep in the careers of pretty much everyone involved.
0.25 The story, from the best-selling novel by Isabel Allende, is purely incidental to the unintentionally hysterical stylings of this potential camp cult film. It's truly awful, and one shouldn't miss it for the world.
0.4 Given the talents involved, the film's hesitations in style and consistent failure to really move must be counted as a major disappointment.
0.4 Sterling cast, but a thoroughly mundane movie
0.6 It does take daring chances with a book that could not have been adapted otherwise, using extraordinary actors to rise above its occasional lapses. The lack of fidelity is often offset by intelligence of a subtler kind.
0.7 Ultimately, The House of the Spirits blends enough melodrama and magic realism and personal conflict framed in political terms to keep virtually any audience happily absorbed.
0.5 All of the characters have the right names, all of the necessary events occur, and indeed the very best local actors have been engaged. But the soul has been mislaid.
0.3 Everything is too densely compressed and without resonance, and The House of the Spirits blasts through six decades without leaving any emotion in its wake.
0.75 Bille August has done a fine job with Isable Allende's tale, crafting a captivating motion picture, but it's hard not to recognize the flaws, and wonder about the lost potential.
0.9 Part of a forger's craft involves not simply duplicating the images but replicating the strokes to be found in the original. Tornatore's film makes deft use of cinematic cliche to lead viewers astray.
0.6 In The Best Offer, director/writer Giuseppe Tornatore feasts at the Hitchcock table.
0.625 An uneven but weirdly mesmerizing drama/thriller, Giuseppe Tornatore's "The Best Offer" offers an acting showcase to Geoffrey Rush.
0.625 Italian writer-director Giuseppe Tornatore... designs beautiful sets around Virgil, who holds the screen in nearly every shot.
0.5 The clues and themes laid out early on in The Best Offer, which evolve into heavy handedness in their own right, also lay unencumbered paths for obvious twists to come in this limp arthouse thriller.
0.7 A sleek art-world caper.
0.7 What a nice way to start 2014, with this intricate, multi-layered tale of mystery, deceit, and delicate anxiety...
0.375 Isn't there a more interesting way to handle an imprisoned princess than this tired cliche?
0.625 An intriguingly Hitchcockian premise gradually takes on a preposterous air in the art-world noir "The Best Offer."
0.4 None of it comes together in any satisfying way, unfortunately, because Tornatore telegraphs every revelation with head-slapping amateurishness.
0.55 A beautiful film marred by a weak script that tries to dive headlong down the Hitchcock rabbit hole without offering any of the tension or suspense that might have made it a worthwhile journey.
0.25 It ascribes to the falsehood that a rarefied milieu inherently infuses a film with intelligence, as if inept execution can be covered up by pretty lensing.
0.8 Clearly at a phase in his career where he can do no wrong, Geoffrey Rush is the aloof, germaphobic, magnetic core of a beguiling tale about fine art, art auctions, fake paintings, antique automatons and wealthy urban hermits. Great stuff.
0.8 The very things that make The Best Offer such a sublime delight are also the same things that would cripple its narrative if closely scrutinised.
0.8 The cinematic equivalent of quicksand. By the time you realise something is awry you'll already be in far too deep
1.0 THE BEST OFFER is a cinematic palimpsest in the vein of Hitchcock's VERTIGO. Perfectly crafted performances, inescapable choral echoes of Morricone's wondrous score, the perfect forgery awaits, and begs to be revisited again and again.
0.4 Fine actors as Rush, Sturgess and Hoeks are, almost everything they say remains dead on the page.
1.0 Needless to say a must-see for Wongcolytes, Days of Being Wild is also an excellent entry point for people who haven't yet caught this most exotic and habit-forming of cinematic bugs.
1.0 Every shot is perfectly composed and compelling, with light and shadow manipulated to maximum effect.
0.625 It now seems like a promising apprentice work, almost a blueprint for the writer-director's most acclaimed and famous film, In the Mood for Love.
1.0 There are images in Days that can make your heart stop for no other reason than that they're perfect.
1.0 A triumph of movie pop poetics.
0.8 A heady mix of sex, obsession, alienation and angst.
0.375 Wong creates a dream state of shifting, stalling, liquid time, a kind of gauzy unreality that made In the Mood for Love so seductive.
1.0 A rapturous film about cool men, hot women and the thousand and one nights and cigarettes they share.
1.0 It's inexplicable that Wong's early masterpiece has been virtually absent from American screens since he completed it in 1991.
0.75 Raw and jagged, only hinting at the greatness that would come. But even imperfect Wong Kar-Wai is better than the best of most.
0.4 A plotless gangster story is a nearly impossible paradox to pull off, however intelligent the underpinnings of the film.
0.8 [A] brilliant examination of one-way love and crashed relationships.
0.875 It goes to show that "average" Wong Kar-Wai is better than just about anyone else on a good day.
0.8 Wong is a born cinema virtuoso who can elicit genuine emotions while expressing them amid an atmosphere of the most sweeping romanticism.
0.8 Bouncy MGM college-themed musical sparkles with June Allyson.
0.49 Several horror scenes, notably those not involving Dracula himself, are genuinely creepy.
0.6 This is sort of a Saturday Night Fever version of the story with a stylish, afro'ed Langella walking around with an open shirt looking for girls to take to his Castle Disco.
0.8 Granted, it's staged and composed like Masterpiece Theatre.
0.875 The casting is right on target and the atmosphere fittingly eerie in director John Badham's suspenseful, handsomely-mounted 1979 version.
0.4 Nice production values, but that's about it
0.5 Just doesn't fly.
0.75 One of the earliest elegies to the dying of the West.
0.4 O roteiro (vencedor do Oscar, acredite ou nao) e cheio de cliches; e o final, esquematico. Katy Jurado foi indicada ao premio aparentemente por dizer 'My hOsband' o tempo todo.
0.9 One of those rare movies that you're sorry to see end.
1.0 The determined jollity of Georges Delerue's saloon piano score, which later opens up to encompass a wide world of romanticism, sets the tone for Francois Truffaut's audacious second feature, made in 1960.
1.0 An affectionate tribute to the low-budget crime movies that Truffaut so loved, and it's one of my favorite Truffaut films.
0.8 Like Charlie only being able to let his real feelings out through that little crate piano, films like this remind us of our love for film and the possibilities within even the most bare and irreverent stories.
0.5 It is a teasing and frequently amusing (or moving) film that M. Truffaut has made, but it simply does not hang together.
0.625 A mess with moments of transcendence, suggesting that [director] Lee has talent. But she needs to learn how to get out of her own way.
0.75 In a decade largely defined by raunchy teen sex comedies, here's a film that stood out from the pack thanks to its sweetness and sincerity.
0.875 A classic. Has laughs in just about every single scene.
0.7 The Sure Thing succeeds most in identifying the self-effacing charm that would become Cusack's stock-in-trade as a young romantic lead.
0.75 A charming surprise.
0.75 This is a likeable film that follows all of the necessary steps to engage an audience. It may not be a sure thing, but it's at least a pretty good bet.
0.6 One of the great teen comedies of the 80s. One reason why Cusack became what he became
0.875 Sweet and wonderful.
0.8 A wonderful start for Cusack and Reiner.
0.7 One of the more "mature" teen comedies from the 80s.
0.875 Walter and Alison are closer to real teenagers, with real doubts and hesitations and uncertainties.
0.8 It's a treasure, smartly written, delightfully played (you'll be able to see why Cusack quickly became a star), and scored with a half-dozen period hits...
0.625 Stars John Cusack and Daphne Zuniga are no Gable and Colbert, but they make for interesting juniorfied versions
0.8 Rob Reiner's new film, The Sure Thing, is glowing proof of two things: Traditional romantic comedy can be adapted to suit the teen-age trade, and Mr. Reiner's contribution to This Is Spinal Tap was more than a matter of humor.
0.6 Like The 40-Year-Old Virgin, its sex romp overtures hide a warm and sympathetic heart.
0.8 Smart, sassy and sweet. This showed John Cusack's promise as a romantic lead, and some.
0.5 Lifetime-movie suds - gay suds, but suds nevertheless.
0.125 I hated every calculated second of it with a passion.
0.875 ...a consistently watchable romantic comedy that's certainly a far cry from its underwhelming brethren...
0.7 Shmoopy or not, the movie worked for me.
0.2 Lisa Kudrow, the designated comic relief, has never been so consistently unfunny, and Gina Gershon looks uncomfortable in every (pseudo-)inspirational moment.
0.25 Hilary Swank may have two Oscars, but P.S. I Love You proves she has plenty to learn about romantic comedies.
0.5 You get the strong impression that no one involved wanted to risk being labeled "depressing," so they inserted a lot of lame comic moments into a film that doesn't need them.
0.5 May be too womanly for a guy like me, but you don't have to be either sex to know all potential is dashed in a hail of cliches...
0.5 ...the filmmakers mean well, but instead of a celebration of life, the whole thing seems like an extended wake.
0.4 It was Irish overkill. There didn't seem to be a chronological plan with the letters, so poor Holly is just forced to sit and wait to hear from her dead husband.
0.375 Talk about uneven. 'P.S. I Love You' is more uneven than an emery board, and every bit as grating when it misses its mark, which is more often than not.
0.8 Better than the best kiss you've ever had.
0.6 Romantic comedy is too tragic for all-out laughs.
0.625 It could have been better, but it's good enough to be a solid girls' night out flick.
0.375 Lame.
0.25 Punch line should read P.S. I Love You %u2013 If you can sit through this 2 hour film and not become nauseated.
0.375 P.S. I Love You runs 126 minutes, and that extra half-hour bloats the material into an ugly mishmash in which the attempts at comedy are excruciating and the drama gets diluted by needless set-pieces.
0.4 By mid-film I was praying for Clint Eastwood to show up and take Swank off life support. No such luck.
0.375 Alas, we never buy the depth of Holly and Gerry's love because the chemistry between Swank and Butler is nonexistent.
0.4 [Hilary] Swank's raw, genuine performance stands out -- like an emerald on a compost heap -- against the canned warmth...
0.5 If you're looking for a great date movie so you can get laid over the holidays, this is the one.
0.9 This is the kind of movie that was made for the female audience and we thank you. PS, take Kleenex.
0.625 The end dedication (to the producer's late sister) reminds us that even a disposable commercial film can be extremely personal and meaningful for the people involved in its creation.
0.5 Snippets of sharp, witty dialogue are lost in a sea of sappy cliches and too-cute-for-words plot twists.
0.8 Hillary Swank makes the best of her lonely heart role but never gets to take off the gloves in an entertaining romantic drama. Supporting she-wolf Lisa Kudrow steals the show.
0.4 The film does have its share of funny, winning, and heartwarming/emotional moments, but the rest feel artificial and contrived, from the basic conceit to the various smaller elements that are too familiar and/or forced to elicit any sort of favorable resp
0.5 The movie is so bent on conjuring big, sweeping emotions that it becomes a bit scattershot, starting down way too many tear-jerking roads but never going down any of them far enough to discover any real substance.
0.2 Doesn't add anything fresh or special or memorable to our understanding of the grief process.
0.625 The supporting roles are all handled well by experienced actors, and they have good material to work with.
0.5 P.S. I Love You isn't as pathetically sappy as the title might sound. OK, maybe it is a little...
0.5 Some actors are better suited to straight-ahead dramas. Swank appears to be one of them.
0.375 It's tough going relieved only by some lovely Irish scenery.
0.375 It's the sort of movie that no man will ever go to unless dragged by a woman. His sole reward will be the sight of Swank in sexy underwear.
0.5 The talented Swank is slumming a bit here, but she could -- and has -- done worse.
0.25 This is a movie that will leave you stunned and stupefied from beginning to end, if you don't head for the exits first.
0.5 In the grief-drenched romantic comedy P.S. I Love You, things are excruciatingly amiss, start to finish.
0.5 Butler, though puportedly attractive, gives a chipmunk-chipper performance that can only be described as supremely annoying.
0.6 P.S. I Love You looks squeaky clean and utterly straight. Yet as directed by Richard LaGravenese, it has a curious morbid quality.
0.25 A protracted piece of schmaltz.
0.375 P.S. Why should we care?
0.25 Who should be more insulted by P.S. I Love You: Women, who are portrayed as shrill, materialistic harpies who fall down regularly? Or men, who are shown to be at their most romantically attractive when they're dead?
0.625 I found myself entertained, engaged and, occasionally, pleasantly surprised.
0.2 A low point in the tear-stained history of sappy, shallow chick drivel.
0.5 What's on your holiday wishlist? Is there room for a maudlin romantic comedy that brandishes its earnestness like tacky light displays synchronized to Trans-Siberian Orchestra?
0.5 Pulling our strings is one thing; taking us for a fool is quite another.
0.5 Tone is everything in a movie like this, but writer-director Richard LaGravanese, working from a novel by Cecelia Ahern, can't decide between quirky indie dark comedy and laugh-a-minute TV sitcom.
0.4 Sappy, floundering, disappointing melodrama...drop it in the dead letter office.
0.25 P.S. I Love You is blithely inept.
0.3 LaGravenese is usually a terrific screenwriter, but this adaptation (with Steve Rogers) of Cecelia Ahern's novel is almost insufferably sufferable.
0.625 No one will confuse Hilary Swank with Lucille Ball, but she's entertaining enough to keep this one from becoming a gooey chick flick
0.4 It feels like the kind of project that Meg Ryan would have turned down back in the 90's for being just a little too hackneyed and cliched for its own good.
0.2 You could go see P.S. I Love You, or you could hit yourself on the head with a meat mallet.
0.625 Has its occasional oddball charms, but it is also ultimately conventional ... and pandering to go along with them.
0.7 P.S. I Love You isn't going to break the chick-flick barrier but it packs a powerful two hours.
0.4 more of a waste of time than an enjoyed vicarious journey
0.5 It's tough to believe that any leading lady could've done much with writer-director Richard LaGravenese's lackluster material.
0.5 P.S. I Love You commits several cinematic blunders, but the biggest one may be its attempt to turn Hilary Swank into a romantic lead.
0.4 P.P.S. Don't you hate bad romantic comedies?
0.5 Shifts between earnest melodrama and zany comedy without making much of an imprint as either...In all of her frequently breathtaking talent and depth, Hilary Swank deserves better than what P.S. I Love You has to offer.
0.1 A romantic dramedy that stumbles through its excruciatingly Oscar-padded 126-minute running time with no end in sight.
0.625 A mostly overheated farrago of sentiment, self-help and romantic cliche.
0.5 What do you get when you stick a talented, interesting cast in an uninspiring chick flick? Short answer: P.S. I Love You.
0.4 This weeper that can't wring out tears.
0.25 P.S. I don't like you at all.
0.375 ...can't quite nail a consistent tone.
0.5 P.S. I Love You is the cinematic equivalent of a Celine Dion song.
0.375 A chick flick in the worst sense of that phrase, as all of the actors run around frantically, emoting like crazy while having zero chemistry with each other.
0.4 The emotional tug is lost in uninspired dialogue, trite situations, and some plot twists that defy credulity while exploring the limits of tedious convention
0.3 Even fans of the romantic comedy genre might have trouble suspending disbelief for this ridiculous bit of fluff that rarely knows whether it wants to be a serious drama about grieving or a light comedy about finding love.
0.375 There are many good actresses unsuited for romantic comedies, and Hilary Swank, despite her considerable talents, is one of them.
0.375 Griffith almost makes it watchable. She is as charismatic a camera presence as ever, but her magic is mostly muted in this flat retread.
0.25 In this pointless remake, essaying the Judy Holliday Oscar-winning role, Melanie Griffith gives a poor performance, marked by monotonous delivery and tiresome semi-spunky routines.
0.6 Not so much bad as thoroughly pointless.
0.4 There is a fatal disconnection between place and characters who, conceived in one era, are crazily transported into another in which they don't quite fit.
0.6 Much more enjoyable than you'd think. Griffith and Johnson sizzle.
0.4 Just rent the original. Trust me.
0.25 This is supposed to be snappy material, and it comes across gloomy.
0.375 There's little (if anything) to recommend this movie.
0.5 Competent and too innocent in its own way to strongly dislike, but there also isn't much to push it above mediocrity. There's more substance in cotton candy.
0.625 Too bad much crap is needed to be waded through to get to the rather terrifically done finale.
0.5 To say this film (and any other dancing competition film) is formulaic is an understatement. However, formalism is entirely forgivable when you look at the marketplace.
0.5 ...a minor improvement over its almost unwatchable predecessor...
0.625 This isn't a very good movie, but it's probably the best of it's kind.
0.5 A dance romance with attitude that will fall short if you're expecting fulfillment in the story department.
0.6 Standard, well-made, urban dance movie.
0.4 Will dance triumph over adversity? Will love between two attractive vacuous actors conquer all?
0.4 It suffers from a real lack of charisma, still the dance bits are good.
0.4 With a script cut-and-pasted from every other dance movie, this film is shockingly corny.
0.4 It suffers from a real lack of charisma, still the dance bits are good.
0.75 Inexplicably, I liked this film more than its predecessor. Wait - let me type that again, just to let the reality sink into my own mind: I actually liked Step Up 2.
0.5 This is an average story of a young woman making it on her own. No, I'm not talking about Mary Tyler Moore, I'm talking about Andi, played by Briana Evigan, in "Step Up 2 the Streets," a film that delivers just about what you'd expect.
0.4 ...a Flashdance wannabe...
0.5 It's another of the many dance movies that fifteen years from now may just be admired in the same vein "Krush Groove" and "Breakin'" are...
0.6 Electrifying dance elevates an almost boring film.
0.5 It's very hard to argue that the dancing falls short, which means that the film at least justifies its own existence.
0.6 give the new movie some credit for being a lot more fun than its namesake
0.2 A brainless piece of product that is so utterly devoid of anything not concerned with the idea of separating 12-year-olds from their allowance that it makes the Hannah Montana infomercial/movie seem like "There Will Be Blood" by comparison
0.4 The film can't resist the inevitable overstatement.
0.625 A worthy sequel--and its soundtrack [is] a worthy download.
0.4 too afraid of deviating from the typical dance movie formula. And in all honesty, it's not such a great blueprint to bother following anyway.
0.5 Only any good when people are dancing.
0.5 For all of its ragin' dance moves and rebellious talk, is high-spirited and harmless. An MC at one dance contest declares, "This ain't 'High School Musical'!" Oh, but it is.
0.5 Chu... doesn't try to do much with a script that rehashes every dance-movie cliche, with people getting served, bringing it on and stomping yards.
0.5 Predictable class conflicts and sanitized keeping-it-real bluster.
0.5 Step Up 2 the Streets posits a universe where racial and class differences are minor obstacles to fun and pretends its cliches aren't cliches.
0.625 Doesn't measure up.
0.5 Dance scenes feel like a diversion, since the story, acting and dialogue are sadly lacking in originality and substance.
0.375 Reeks of artificiality and phoney emotion.
0.5 Completely predictable.
0.6 Providing you're not hip-hop- or cliche-averse, see Step Up 2 the Streets with the right expectations and you'll be pleasantly surprised.
0.4 The dance has to be good because the rest of the movie is one long cliche.
0.2 More flare is needed to make us care about these characters who swoop, spin, and glide.
0.25 Evigan might have an attractive midriff, but she sometimes starts to give a William Shatner-like delivery of lines with odd pauses and exaggerations.
0.5 Step Up didn't front, but Step Up 2 the Streets is a poseur.
0.7 Mindless formulaic fluff with enough booty-shaking charm to qualify as a great guilty pleasure.
0.5 Catnaps are an advisable way to survive some of the slow spots. Or, better yet, wait for this to be available on DVD when the fast forward button will turn Step Up 2 into something shorter and more enjoyable.
0.5 A finale has the young people all dancing in the rain. Like almost everything else about the movie, it has been done before. But it's still foot-stomping fun.
0.8 If you cherish the idea of Joe Pesci, John Turturro (wearing a cowboy hat), Dean Stockwell, and Dennis Hopper in the same room, you won't be able to resist Backtrack.
0.4 One of film's greatest dissapointments.
1.0 Burton's modern fairytale has an almost palpably personal feel: it is told gently, subtly and with infinite sympathy for an outsider who charms the locals but then inadvertently arouses their baser instincts.
1.0 ...perhaps the cinema's most enchanting parable about the misunderstood and alienated artist.
1.0 Fine performances all around, particularly from Depp and the immensely sympathetic Wiest.
0.9 Visually, stylistically and emotionally stunning.
1.0 [Burton and Depp] seem to bring out the best in each other.
0.75 Burton's movies are fairytales for retarding evolution.
0.8 His gothic tones always mask a feeling of wonder and an endearing love for everything that is possible in life and death
0.6 Burton's sweet Gothic fairy tale has lost none of its charm.
0.8 Johnny Depp and Tim Burton in magical collaboration.
0.6 Moody and bizarre modern fairytale that works on a number of levels.
1.0 Definitely one of Burton's masterpieces, maybe THE one.
1.0 A modern fairy tale about a deformed outsider whose innocence and gentle nature make him a freak in the eyes of the community he visits.
0.6 A poetic outing by Burton with Depp offering one of his initial outsider performances. Still fun to watch.
0.7 Mr. Burton invests awe-inspiring ingenuity into the process of reinventing something very small.
0.75 Especially rewarding for those who would like to see something different in a film.
1.0 Tim Burton's finest achievement. It has an emotional wallop to go with his visual wizardry.
1.0 Probably Tim Burton's best film. Certainly his most moving.
1.0 A film you can't help but love...
0.6 Burton has a good central premise working here, but he never really grabs us...
0.5 Burton has not yet found the storytelling and character-building strength to go along with his pictorial flair.
0.9 One of my favorite films ... and one that touches me deeply.
0.75 Johnny Depp is excellent as the Chaplinesque title character and the support cast is good too.
0.83 An engaging film, one which falls early in director Tim Burton's career, helping to highlight a remarkable decade's run of moody, quirky and goofy films.
0.875 The most elemental and uncluttered of D.W. Griffith's major melodramas.
0.8 Definitely a silent drama fighting against the traditional limitations of the form and the strict social mores of the day. One of Lillian Gish's most moving performances.
0.8 One of the screen's greatest symbioses of performance and photography.
0.8 It's an important film that should be seen, but it's hardly the flawless masterpiece it's often hailed as.
0.9 There is so much that is unusually excellent and excellently unusual in Broken Blossoms that one is compelled by enthusiasm to write about it.
0.5 Progressive for its day, but strictly of historic value today.
1.0 The love story at the center of Broken Blossoms is deliberately overstuffed but unmistakably colored with infinite shades of biting irony and social critique.
0.8 Despite its old-fashioned melodrama roots, a great movie with Gish at her most beautiful and vulnerable. Griffith was the master.
0.875 Tremendously downbeat, but beautifully stylized.
1.0 Films like this, naive as they seem today, helped nudge a xenophobic nation toward racial tolerance.
0.6 Midlife crises, affairs, teen drinking, sex in indie drama.
0.65 A soft, pretty score and noteworthy camera work -- often close on the actors' hands or faces -- help keep this low-key film engrossing.
0.5 [Doremus] telegraphs the film's intentions early and builds at a ponderous, self-important pace toward a trite, unsatisfying finish.
0.9 The screen sparkles with the sexual tension between Guy Pearce and Felicity Jones...
0.375 A film about a May-December romance, it would be laborious to sit through at any time of year.
0.625 There's something flimsy and unformed at these characters' cores, something that no amount of jumpy close-ups, skittering sideways glances, and rainy music can make up for.
0.3 Fine performances barely make up for this melodrama's narrative bankruptcy.
0.625 It takes all of 10 minutes for Doremus' film to reveal itself to us: this is a movie about a conflicted father who has arrived at a crossroads, both morally and artistically.
0.5 A breathy tale of a not-quite love affair, Drake Doremus' "Breathe In" is yet another skillfully acted indie drama that's never quite good enough to be memorable.
0.5 Although Jones and Pearce are interesting when onscreen alone, their chemistry is slightly off.
0.4 Enough with the dramas about frustrated older men seeking a second chance at life and love through a barely legal girl. Please.
0.5 Falters with a bland and predictable emotional connection.
0.6 Doremus' beautifully shot, naturalistic style means there are no soap-opera hysterics, and he gets strong performances from all involved...But it's hard to get over the fact that Jones, who was born in 1983, is far too old to play a high school student.
1.05 Drake Doremus and his writing partner Ben York Jones' working method is unorthodox... and earlier films have established them as a creative team who have much on the ball...
0.625 Despite its title's implied urge to relax, refresh, recharge, "Breathe In" remains just a little too calm - and ultimately airless.
0.3 Dull, dumb and devoid of any passion, Breathe In is an unconvincing romance that squanders its talented cast.
0.625 Breathe In is all simmer, no boil, despite an abrupt, overwrought, agonizing emotional climax that's too much, too late.
0.375 It's a maddening mix of realistic characters, fine performances, ponderous pacing and oppressive mood lighting, none of which serve to cover up one central, glaring problem: a romance that never feels real.
0.5 The choices and heartache all unfold exactly as everyone knows they will, with choice delivered as a luxury that committed adults don't always have. You don't say!
0.6 Sometimes, when it comes to getting across specific themes or ideas, creating a mood can do even more than developing a story or writing dialogue.
0.75 The May-December romance is an overworked genre, but steady hands guide this one with intelligence to a sad but satisfactory conclusion.
0.75 Top performances by Guy Pearce and Felicity Jones ... make the film emotionally rich.
0.5 At every possible turn, the film chooses to take the dumbest and most reductive path. It remains semi-watchable nonetheless, which is a testament to the skill of its four lead actors, who valiantly struggle to remain truthful.
0.625 Well-acted and pretty, but slow and kind of PG-13 pervy, too.
0.25 Seemingly high-brow because it's so low-key, but underneath that veneer is an inert, thinly plotted melodrama premised on trite characterizations that would be offensive if they weren't so absurd.
0.6 Doremus opts for a slow boil compared to his previous film's passionate whirlwind, while maintaining a sense of intimacy and urgency magnified by Jones and Guy Pearce's soulful performances.
0.6 After chosing her roles wisely, brilliant Felicity [Jones] is right at the point where her film career is set to really take off.
0.6 The performances are excellent. The script is a dud.
0.6 A very controlled, well-executed picture in which the flash of passion never quite arrives.
0.8 Doremus is aware of the evocative power of light, capturing the sensuousness of a warm summer night or the intimacy of a pale, misty rain that wraps around the house like a blanket.
0.4 The whole thing unspools at such an unremittingly earnest pitch that it leaves you groping under your seat for a ventilator.
0.6 The plotting is a little too neat but the acting is first rate and Doremus side-steps obvious cliches in the unfolding attraction between older man and younger woman.
0.8 It's a strikingly authentic chronicle of forbidden love and one that never lapses into melodrama or hits a false note.
0.8 What swings it are irresistible performances from Felicity Jones and Guy Pearce.
0.6 There are halting verbal exchanges, half-smiles and Pearce gazing wistfully out of windows (mourning his youth), all of which creates a dreamy, seductive atmosphere.
0.6 Delicate in its portrayal of a shifting family dynamic, this is another film to mark Doremus out as a talent to watch.
0.8 It may not sound much, but it's a rare drama confident enough to offer a portrait of normality, then let things elegantly unravel.
0.4 Doremus just can't seem to tease out psychologically interesting performances from talented actors. Too bad.
0.6 A drably predictable effort which peters out with a whimper rather than a bang ...
0.6 A movie held together thanks to the performances delivered by Felicity Jones and Guy Pearce.
0.6 On the whole the film's sourness feels sophomoric - the attempt of a young director overly affected by American Beauty and The Ice Storm to seem worldly-wise ...
0.8 Emotionally engaging, enjoyable drama with a thoughtful script, composed direction and a pair of perfectly pitched performances from Felicity Jones and Guy Pearce ...
0.8 It's a simple refrain, and familiar, but played this well it resonates like a symphony.
0.7 A bit familar, but the acting is excellent- especially from Guy Pearce.
0.59 Breathe In comes ever so close to pulling an emotionally satisfying romance from what is, at its core, a rather pervy story.
0.4 It's difficult to pinpoint the exact moment at which Breathe In falls apart, mostly because hindsight reveals it was probably doomed all along.
0.8 It is a finely calibrated piece of work from one of the more talented US film-makers to emerge in recent years.
