0.75 Clearly, Brakhage's film has had a tremendous impact on both the avant-garde film movement and mainstream cinema, but uneasy rests the crown of a self-important classic.
0.875 Still Bill is about a man who topped the charts, walked away from it all in 1985 and is pleased that he did.
0.895 A captivating, insightful, revealing and surprisingly moving documentary.
0.6 Much of the biographical documentary Still Bill, about the singer Bill Withers, is pleasant and even moving.
0.5 comes off a bit like an extended advertisement for the place
0.5 The filmmakers end up rushing us through these girls' stories, achieving a vague sense of female angst but ultimately barely skimming the surface.
0.625 It's a great program and a great subject, but Girl's Rock! directors Shane King and Arne Johnson don't quite know what to do with it.
0.75 How are girls supposed to behave in a culture that tells them they're Disney princesses for the first 12 years and sex toys after that? Girls Rock! has one answer: Strap on a Fender and rage against the machine.
0.5 There's too little clarity or thoroughness in the biographies, too few prolonged scenes of the girls creating their songs.
0.75 There is a slightly patronizing flavor to portions of this mostly enjoyable film. But the interview subjects are very likable and charismatic, which certainly helps.
0.375 Girls rock, flat documentaries do not.
0.75 'Why don't you start your own band? That's a lot cooler than having a boyfriend in a band!' So says 15-year-old Laura, who makes a better pitch for the 'empowerment' aspects of the Rock 'n' Roll Camp for Girls than do the adult counselors...
0.75 There's so much joy and coming-of-age angst turned into nuggets of gold that it seems uncharitable to ask, what might be missing (more onscreen appreciation for rock's goddesses and gods, perhaps.)
0.6 Never seeks to be anything more than a simplistic look at young women not just learning how to create music, but how to take hold of their talents and use it to their advantage...
0.7 Girls at risk take the world by storm at an artists' refuge where it's all right to scream.
0.8 Young women find expression for more than their music in Girls Rock!, a jubilant documentary about a place where power chords and empowerment go hand in hand.
0.875 Girls Rock! happily pulls off the trick of being both entertaining and moving; grown-up girls may well watch with an occasional tear as we see the campers subtly transform.
0.5 Some of the footage is entertaining. Too much of it is confusing, repetitive or unremarkable.
0.75 What the girls might lack in musical talent and experience they make up for with infectious energy.
0.75 The directors take a compassionate approach that encourages their young subjects to open up in remarkable ways, making this a must-see both for girls and the grownups who love them.
0.5 Though Girls Rock! is nothing if not well meaning, it doesn't always feel like the best possible film on the subject.
0.75 Girls Rock! is a success story because of the earnest heart with which it introduces us to some girls who don't realize how much they really do rock.
0.75 Takes a trip to the annual "Rock 'n' Roll Camp for Girls" in Portland, Oregon and comes away with something a bit more.
0.75 An inspiring rebel yell from four girls unwilling to recede into the background as passive sacrifices to the MTV culture.
0.6 The shy, awkward subjects of Girls Rock! stand in refreshing contrast to the American Idol ideal of potential superstars.
0.6 Girl-power docu has a strong positive message.
0.5 The directors sacrifice substantially investigating the four girls for Morgan Spurlock-ish populist gimmickry.
0.875 Has been described as a 21st-century 'The Grapes of Wrath,' but its plot twists are of the type that might have caused Tom Joad to hightail it back to Oklahoma.
1.0 In The Overnighters documentarist Jesse Moss found his story and pursued it with remarkable empathy, all in the best traditions of the genre.
0.9 Moss lets his characters and their stories unfold, crafting a film from them intuitively through the right interview questions and the art of editing, but never placing a narrative on it that feels forced.
0.8 Moss is an incredibly sympathetic filmmaker, and his master stroke is to structure The Overnighters as a portrait of both an individual and a community.
0.875 The Overnighters, an ambitious documentary about the plight of the working class directed, produced, and photographed by Jesse Moss, is one of the trickiest nonfiction films to emerge in quite some time.
1.0 Full of ambush, surprise, illumination, it's a total corker. And Moss and his camera, somehow, are there every time a new bottle of truth is opened, with a gush, a pop or an explosion.
0.9 It would be a fascinating-enough doc, until a shocking third-act revelation brings it to another level.
0.875 "The Overnighters" is commendable for many reasons, not the least of which is the way it allows complex issues to remain complex. There is a clear conflict between the pastor and the town, but there's no good vs. evil.
0.875 So much of "The Overnighters" tells all sorts of truths, and Moss earned the trust of his subjects, whatever they might think of the result.
0.875 Moss films this tale of economic anxiety and almost pathological compassion with an uncomfortable intensity. His camera captures hushed conversations, spilled secrets and moral trespasses with barely a flinch.
0.5 A sobering must-see, The Overnighters speaks to the eternal dilemma of doing the right thing in a community beset by suspicion and fear.
1.0 Through patience, skill, discretion, and trust, Jesse Moss has taken a seemingly small town story and turned it into both a microcosm of today's most urgent issues and a portrait of a single suffering soul.
0.875 This is a damning indictment, a modern-day Grapes of Wrath chronicling nothing short of basic decency's collapse in a depressed environment of mistrust and unease.
0.8 Acute portraiture - and for a sobering depiction of an America in crisis that looks shockingly close to the desperation of the 1930s.
0.8 Jesse Moss's documentary is as compelling and heartrending as any drama.
0.8 Moss has put the documentary together in painstaking fashion, somehow managing to be there, filming discreetly, at all the most intimate and climactic moments.
0.6 It's one of those Steinbeck-style stories of migrants, poverty, desperation and hope, a heartbreaking picture of men who still believe they are living the American Dream in broken-down trailers doing grim, unhealthy jobs.
0.8 Jesse Moss's tough, absorbing documentary could almost be a modern-day Grapes of Wrath, all about the US oil industry's fracking boom in North Dakota.
0.8 Demands a rewatch, and is so stuffed with incident that someone should remake it into an overcooked, Americana melodrama.
0.8 Moss allows the natural facets of this story to shine through, creating a gem of a documentary that's raw, honest and brutally relevant.
0.8 An urgent portrait of compassion under fire.
0.8 A boldly provocative tale of flawed humanity and hardship.
0.8 Long before this unexpected development, The Overnighters has established its credentials as a beautifully crafted, multi-layered piece of storytelling, and as an important snapshot of the new Great Depression.
1.0 Every moment, including a surprise ending, will bring tears to your eyes.
0.8 A painful and poignant excoriation of the American dream.
0.82 The Overnighters is the kind of film that asks us to forget abstraction -- to instead remember the details.
1.0 Moss was basically a one-man production crew, which explains how he was able to film such intimate, painful conversations. His work is haunting - one of the best documentaries of the year.
0.8 A social-justice documentary that packs a visceral emotional wallop to the heart and mind, The Overnighters could scarcely be more relevant to our stressy, fearful present.
0.9 The Overnighters is a shattering documentary and character study that doubles as a layered exploration of a community's faith (and lack thereof).
0.875 While "The Overnighters" has the feel of an epic, given what an expansive slice of America's current economic experience it ponders, it's also a very intimate one.
0.8 The thrill of The Overnighters is in witnessing a heartrending payoff that could not be anticipated nor written-and, miraculously, closes the movie on a perfect irony.
0.625 Fact and fiction bleed into a sometimes aesthetically questionable, but consistently compelling interrogation of the ever-diminishing space for social ethics and Christian-based morality within state-level governmental order.
0.8 The Overnighters is as worthy a case for additional industry across the First World than any political speech.
0.8 Brilliantly develops into a snowballing drama of the human condition.
0.875 The film features stunning third-act revelations that compel viewers to rethink its characters' actions and motivations.
0.5 With images similar to Buena Vista Social Club, but with far less historical resonance, Cuba is both a travelogue and a celebration.
0.6 The music is what really matters to him, and that's where Keys and the musicians he features really deliver.
0.5 Cuba: Island of Music is enjoyable as a primer in Afrocentric music and dance. As a political statement, however, it's pretty much of a dud.
0.375 Feels more like a home movie than the work of a veteran documentary filmmaker, lecturer, and college professor.
0.6 This musical documentary, which offers a musical mosaic of Afro-Cuban styles, could be described as a basic course: Afro-Cuban music 101.
0.75 The analytical discussions don't run very deep, but eyes will shine and toes will tap whenever this picture is shown.
0.75 Keys seems to understand that the global appeal of Cuban music is directly proportional to its multiculturality.
0.875 This is a well-made, observant documentary, with attitude to spare and plenty of justifiable laughs at the expense of its subjects.
0.6 For all the amusingly fatuous remarks heard here -- and Miss Spheeris has a great ear for these -- the overriding dimness of most of the fans and musicians is frightening.
0.8 Godard abandoned the conventions of narrative cinema and adopted a loose picaresque format around which he could arrange subversive generic tropes, poetic digressions, political ideas and comic-book escapades.
0.78 Pierrot is a self conscious mash up of every movie genre that Godard loves, of every movie he has made, of all the artistic references (music, painting, literature) that have influenced or affected him
0.9 An idiosyncratic work by a filmmaker trotting out his obsessions of the moment and committing them to film without much regard for actual meaning.
1.0 And then theres the color. As much as anything, "Pierrot" is a film about red and blue, as well as a little bit of yellow and green.
0.875 Theirs is, in their own words, 'A story,' 'All mixed up,' and their self-construction mimics that of their true Creator, the ever-experimental auteur Jean-Luc Godard. [Blu-ray]
0.8 At its worst, in some of its improvised rambles, it demonstrates the value of a well-thought-out screenplay. At its exhilarating and poignant best, it proves that a film can play all sorts of postmodern games yet still touch its viewers' emotions.
1.0 A wild-eyed, everything-in-the-pot cross-processing of artistic, cinematic, political and personal concerns, where the story stutters, splinters and infuriates its way to an explosive finale.
0.8 An eye-poppingly vivid exercise in genre-busting filmmaking. Here is one of the most persistently intriguing directors of the 1960s at his most watchable and entertaining.
0.8 Godard opens up his box of tricks and tips it all over the screen in a flurry of improvised, postmodernism that takes scattergun shots at consumerism, cultural imperialism and the Vietnam and Algerian wars.
0.8 Engaging and beguiling - perhaps in spite of itself - and a vital part of film history.
1.0 Godard and his great cinematographer, Raoul Coutard, translate the ideas into some of the most visually exuberant French cinema of the Sixties.
0.8 At times infuriatingly indulgent but is also an intoxicating, wildly inventive picaresque fantasy.
1.0 Pierrot is a mess, no matter how many times you see it, but it's a brilliant mess. Death of love, (re)birth of cinema.
0.875 It's one of Pierrot's unique charms that Godard doesn't regard Ferdinand and Marianne's situation with emphatic mockery or inordinate reverence.
0.4 Pierrot le Fou is a movie in love with movies, but mostly it's a movie in love with itself.
1.0 Made in 1965, this film, with its ravishing colors and beautiful 'Scope camerawork by Raoul Coutard, still looks as iconoclastic and fresh as it did when it belatedly opened in the U.S.
0.8 More surprising is how lushly romantic the film seems now -- even the frostiest qualities of the director's volatile aesthetic are warmed by the Riviera sunlight and the presence of Karina at her most beguiling.
0.0 ...ultimately nothing more than an infuriatingly vague and utterly pointless piece of work...
1.0 Arguably one of the few Godard pictures to have the desired balance of romance, adventure, violence, and humor on one side, and philosophy, literary and cinematic allusion, and Brechtian distancing on the other.
0.625 I once wrote of it as "Godard's most virtuoso display of his mastery of Hollywood genres," I now see it more as the story of silly characters who have seen too many Hollywood movies.
0.6 Totally bizarre and ultimately without much point -- Godard's message about commercialism is drowned in a sea of oddity.
0.6 ...a meditative response to unthinkable violence.
0.8 Behind the scenes look at theme parks and more.
0.375 "Undefeated" Palin did a fine job of making her fans feel like losers with this abortive trial balloon/infomercial. Losers and suckers.
0.25 After proclaiming that Palin is a woman of substance, in the end Bannon's movie is all about her style
0.4 A.K.A. Triumph of the Shrill. . .
0.2 The Undefeated says less about Sarah Palin than about the political and cultural environment that made her big screen beatification possible.
0.375 This Sarah Palin hosanna is done in by the simple fact that its director needs to go back to film school.
0.3 A troop-rallying campaign infomercial as imagined by Michael Bay: hero-worshipping, crescendo-edited at a dizzying pace, thunderously repetitive and its own worst enemy as a two-hour, talking-points briefing.
0.3 Make up your mind, people: Is she a tough-as-nails "Mama Grizzly" or is she a fragile female who needs men to stick up for her?
0.7 A surprisingly good movie about the dangers of life in our country in the mid 1700's.
0.8 In this gripping true-crime story, an absurdist stew of petty tensions and quasi-Nietzschean dynamics rip apart the tiny colony of Europeans who settled one of the Galapagos islands in the '30s.
0.8 holds the viewer and compels him
0.8 To make a thrilling documentary about the past, you need dead people who were honest or creative in ways you can exploit. This extraordinary film, which deconstructs a murder mystery from the Thirties, has such people in spades.
0.6 It's like an Agatha Christie plot.
0.6 Quite a few pounds of fat could have been cut from this film, but it's a remarkable tale.
0.6 Could do with a brisker edit, but the bizarre, exotic nature of the subject matter is wholly riveting and confidently staged.
0.6 Its unhurried pace and inability to wring tension from the conflicting accounts ensures that though it fascinates, the film never fully enthrals.
0.6 The story at the center of The Galapagos Affair is fascinating and historically resonant, and Goldfine and Geller tell it well.
0.8 The mysteries are fascinating, all the more so because they are still unsolved.
0.875 A dazzling documentary about an unsolved murder in an ad hoc community in the Galapagos islands in 1934.
0.625 "The Galapagos Affair" spins a strange and compelling tale, with perfectly sinister music by Laura Karpman setting the mood. But the movie is better at building suspense than following through.
0.6 Despite The Galapagos Affair's bloated runtime, clocking in at a shade over two hours, the two-thirds of the film that is good is a very compelling illustration of the inescapability of human nature and the constraints of society.
1.0 Rare document of adventure, disillusionment and death, but the mystery remains.
0.375 The film feels less like a whodunit than a "why didn't they do it sooner?"
0.75 Though the pace occasionally flags during its two-hour running time, "The Galapagos Affair" is a fascinating look at a place of great beauty and remoteness, and at the kind of people drawn to live there.
0.5 How could this not be a great documentary? By putting it in the hands of Dayna Goldfine and Dan Geller, who have squandered their sensational subject into a two-hour slog.
0.8 This assemblage is generally well-constructed.
0.75 The denouement plays like a remix of Joseph Conrad's Heart of Darkness with a chorus of unreliable narrators.
1.0 Easily, this is the most irresistible movie of 2014, so far.
0.8 It's about a particular mystery concerning tourists, a mystery that remains unsolved and not a little disturbing. It is also, more generally, about what makes tourism inherently disturbing.
0.625 Everyone has a different theory on "whodunit," and the fun of the film is to make your own guesses.
0.4 Celebrities including Cate Blanchett, Diane Kruger, and Josh Radnor supply plain voiceovers of the islanders' writings, usually over still photos, and the point of view changes so haphazardly it's difficult to keep all the personalities straight.
0.2 How anyone could make such an uninvolving movie out of such a fascinating subject remains its own inexplicable mystery.
0.521 Breathtaking scenery and slick editing, but convoluted, unfocused and overlong.
0.6 The doc never yokes all these threads into anything particularly deep or illuminating. The Galapagos Affair is less social commentary, more gossip.
0.625 The material and resources are certainly substantial, but the filmmakers clumsily weave separate stories together without detailing anything beyond a tangential relation.
0.4 Yet another mismatched cop adventure.
0.4 Half-baked, forgettable action flick
0.5 Anton Corbijn Inside Out is damnably stingy with expert analysis of Corbijn's art...There's no attempt to organize the events of Corbijn's life into a chronology, or to trace his evolution as an image-maker.
0.5 Rather pedestrian, over-long documentary about the famed Dutch photographer, music clip and film director.
0.6 It's not groundbreaking, but the impressionistic approach at least strives for more than your standard-issue bio.
0.4 Almost, but not quite the one.
0.6 The hint of human anxiety behind the glamour is intriguing.
0.6 Goes a long way towards explaining the emptiness and isolation that characterise his work.
0.4 If there is any great personal theory beneath his works' stunning surfaces Quirijns fails to draw it out here.
0.375 A terminally uninvolving documentary...
0.8 The doc could easily have tipped into caricature or grotesquerie, but Cohen's compassion for his subjects keeps the project steady and respectful.
0.7 There is much unhappiness on display in The Manor, and it is shown with warts-and-all intimacy by Shawney Cohen.
0.75 A shockingly honest and often heartbreaking film ...
0.75 A fine directorial debut, at once frank and compassionate.
0.7 Don't let the title fool you. Instead of a hit piece on Michael Moore's politics, Wilson examines his techniques, particularly the dishonest approaches he uses in filmmaking.
0.4 Wilson parece ser uma boa pessoa (e Jillette e sempre genial), mas o filme comete muitos dos mesmos erros atribuidos a Moore (que merece, sim, uma reprimenda publica).
0.75 Wilson makes it clear that he doesn't share Moore's political beliefs, but the film isn't about ideology as much as accountability. The theme is: How does he get away with it?
1.0 Stephanie Black puts into context the differences between the Jamaica seen by tourists and the country inhabited by its oppressed people.
0.25 Try to imagine the most boring lecture you've ever sat through, and you might have a vague conception of what it's like watching Life and Debt.
0.8 Here is a documentary that should be mandatory viewing for anyone interested in globalisation that, war or no war, remains one of the most contentious issues of our times.
1.0 Puts a human face - many human faces - on the debt crisis and the effects of open trade on a Third World country.
0.8 As an expose of such international carpetbagging, Life + Debt is brilliant stuff.
0.5 However attractive the axe to grind, the haphazard lacework of narration, filmed television screen, disconnected scenes and endless headshots do not make for cinema, documentary or otherwise.
0.6 It is provocative and highly resonant, and informative without being dry or terminally academic.
0.875 Fairly harsh, sobering stuff.
0.375 I found myself daydreaming, looking at my watch, dozing off.
0.7 An eye-opener and a primer on why the IMF and the World Bank are not to be trusted by emerging third-world countries.
0.7 Black's tactics are heavy-handed, but her ability to efficiently organize the complex material at hand and capture telling imagery makes Life and Debt an equally elegant and vitriolic diatribe.
0.8 The details are often jaw-dropping.
0.625 It's mostly persuasive in the position it argues.
0.75 ... after viewing Life and Debt, the audience's way of seeing things has been quietly and powerfully changed.
0.875 Some films are not meant to be entertainments. Some are 'simply' truth tellers. To the brave list add Life and Debt.
0.75 Politically devastating but all too one-sided documentary on the effect that globalizations has allegedly had on Jamaica.
0.7 The damning commentary and revelations about the perils of globalization, not just for Jamaica but developing countries the world over, do come across loud and clear.
0.8 After viewing documentarian Stephanie Black's dour exegesis of the wrecked Jamaican economy ... only the most insensitive vacationer will want to set foot anywhere near the resorts and beaches of Montego Bay.
0.9 Offers the clearest analysis of globalization and its negative effects that I've ever seen on a movie or television screen.
0.75 If you're curious about why the demonstrators are so angry, this is why they're so angry.
0.8 While normal documentaries take the Sally Struthers approach of underlying scenes of starving children with tearful music, this film guides the viewer with a sarcastic voiceover that brings the troubles home without begging tears to the surface.
0.75 A thematic companion to Berlinger's 'Paradise Lost' trilogy, 'Whitey' is less a portrait of the 'hands-on killer who ran amok in the city of Boston for almost 30 years' than an expose of the misdeeds of law enforcement...
0.8 To produce a documentary about a trial in which there are no cameras in the courtroom, and there's zero access to the man on trial, is quite a challenge. Challenge accepted- this is a standout doc.
0.35 Whitey: United States of America vs. James J. Bulger would have been a more engrossing film had it picked one angle and pursued it.
0.75 Within the confines of an under-two-hours running time ... Berlinger does an impressive job of keeping the film coherent and often fascinating.
0.75 With a large cast of wise guys, reporters, ex-cops, victims and lawyers, lawyers, lawyers, it's like five seasons of The Wire distilled into one epic episode.
0.8 "Whitey: United States of America v. James J. Bulger" takes all of our accumulated experience of places like "Southie" and makes it real. Terrifyingly, frustratingly real.
0.7 Soberly shifts emphasis to collateral damage and police corruption even as colorful characters with rich Boston accents and their crimes almost overwhelm the larger story.
0.625 It's a complex case and Berlinger isn't always successful in keeping the story clear.
0.65 Berlinger knows his stuff, and that understanding is reflected in the film, but the filmmaker ultimately dilutes his personal pursuit of justice for the FBI's transgressions by inviting us to feel bad for Boston's most notorious boogeyman.
0.6 At times 'Whitey' plays like David Fincher's 'Zodiac': a mass of dead ends and bureaucratic incompetence that makes you wonder how justice is ever achieved, if at all.
0.875 [A] fascinating, expertly crafted film ...
0.5 [It] leaves us wanting more - more on Bulger's childhood, more on the Irish gangs, more on the awful crimes themselves.
0.75 In every frame of the film, Berlinger's heart goes out to the victims and their survivors.
0.4 By the end of the film, it can't help but read as another of Bulger's self-mythologizing claims that once made him a false Robin Hood for Southie.
0.6 Fascinating and frightening.
0.625 It seems too enamored with the seductive notion of an honorable criminal, too ready to take Bulger's justifications as actual indications of his relative innocence.
0.8 Berlinger needs to give his heavy-metal backdrop music a rest, but this is still one of his most ambitious films, vibrating with the same municipal unease as Chinatown.
0.6 It's a compelling story. Trouble is, it isn't a terribly visual story, and this documentary doesn't serve it nearly as well as a book or lengthy article would.
0.75 Compelling, if understandably confusing plunge into the murky, slippery circumstances surrounding the criminal case of Boston's most infamous mobster
0.6 Joe Berlinger covers all the angles quite well in Whitey: United States of America v. James J. Bulger, a straight-forward court case documentary.
1.0 A damning documentary which indicts Americas as a Credit Industrial Complex where repossession and foreclosure have become commonplace rather than the exception.
1.0 Consumers of the world unite! We have nothing to lose but our plastic!
0.7 A sometimes-fascinating and frightening look at what it calls 'America before the bubble bursts.'
0.25 Unfortunately, there isn't much insight into this possible bleak future, nor is there anything new in this 89-minute film, which plays more like an episode of 20/20 or Dateline NBC.
0.7 ... suggests that the court system as well as the tabloid headlines (which described the women in terms such as a "wolf pack" and "gal gang") got it wrong.
0.7 These elements come together to form a movie that is clinically ironic but also unique, inspired, and quite sublime.
1.0 This minimalist, digital-video-shot film has its own cinematic flash and thunder, and does things only movies can do.
0.25 After about an hour, the novelty wears off, and you're aching to see an actual animal and real shrubs. After two hours, you feel disappointed when you realize that this wouldn't even make a good play. After three hours, it's downright infuriating.
1.0 Bold stylistic decisions reinforce the themes of the narrative, while a strong story and convincing performances prove equal to the task of carrying such an extended running time.
0.8 'Rich with meaning or a sublime prank, Dogville gets to you.'
0.875 [Von Trier] portrays intense evil to make us wonder at the resilience and generosity of Grace, that 'alabaster' saint who exemplifies her name ... to a point.
0.3 never manages to be more than a belabored shaggy dog story
0.75 aesthetically sparse and thematically audacious, the searing work of a genuine provocateur
0.9 A masterpiece.
0.5 Fails to meet the expectations of its own conceit.
1.0 It's the best stage play you've ever attended, and you feel as if you're right in the middle of it.
0.4 Fascinating for a while but, in the end, just sleep-inducing.
0.5 Says everything it wants to say early on, but then repeats it all endlessly.
0.5 Von Trier aims to hold a mirror up to America's mistreatment of its own people -- but he ends up revealing more about his own abhorrence for the people watching his movies.
0.75 You get the feeling that von Trier, up on his soapbox, couldn't find it in his heart to make some necessary cuts. He should have thrown his ego to the dogs.
1.0 It's a tough sit through tough questions.
0.8 ...an experience that's both grueling and, in its way, glorious.
0.625 Lars von Trier is probably a genius. This doesn't stop him from being a jerk.
0.75 This examination of selfishness, xenophobia and the human ability to rationalize acts of horror may have audience members squirming not with outrage but recognition...
0.625 Exasperating and nearly three-hour blend of stagecraft and sermonizing.
0.6 You can loathe Dogville because it represents the basest ideas of human greed and cruelty, but you can't deny that it makes those ideas feel frighteningly real.
0.875 Dogville is irrevocably a movie of our times.
1.0 Singular and unforgettable -- the work of a brilliant crackpot.
0.75 Kidman, in a performance as emotionally stark as any she's ever given, makes Grace's journey achingly real, even though everything around her is deliberately artificial.
1.0 The daring, artistic brilliance of Dogville far outshines any negative interpretation we may have of the work. It's to be praised for inspiring varying interpretations and generating debate.
1.0 You don't so much enjoy watching it as you simply appreciate the genius that went into its creation.
0.6 Von Trier's vision is amazingly thorough and exquisitely executed, but the audience may feel executed as well.
0.9 A beautifully written, filmed and acted movie.
0.25 Dogville is most depressing because Trier promises two more, for his American trilogy. Lars, enough already.
0.5 A punishing film to sit through, and its rewards may well depend on how much credit you wish to give von Trier for doing something different. Because, for better or worse, Dogville is unlike anything else you'll see on screens this year.
1.0 Nearly as powerful as Von Trier's Dancer in the Dark.
0.875 Dogville is no different from von Trier's earlier parables of vulnerability and brutality. And like those works, it is the staggering, infuriating work of a visionary filmmaker.
0.75 von Trier sustains his film through nearly three hours with consummate artistry, before suddenly going one step too far with his controversial closing credits.
0.75 Has more emotional distance than Breaking the Waves or Dancer in the Dark
0.875 Sarcastic humor, inventive staging and a brutal story combine to give Dogville the force of a bonfire, incendiary and beautiful.
1.0 Dogville is a love-it-or- hate-it experience, but one that will fill a large space in any viewer's imagination.
0.875 Sure it's anti-American but it's also anti-Hollywood and that makes Dogville edgy, thought-provoking, and daringly original.
0.6 A novel curiosity by a pretentious talent creating symbolic characters that defy credibility, but Kidman's range of collaborative flexibility is a thing of beauty.
0.875 Unapologetically cynical, miraculously imaginative, and sumptuously beautiful, Dogville is a thought-provoking time at the movies.
0.875 Dogville is another round of brazen disrespect from cinema's baddest boy. But the movie, despite its ultimate nuttiness, has a quiet, consuming power that sneaks up on you and doesn't go away.
0.5 Philosophy and politics aside, von Trier has forgotten to make a movie worth watching, create a single sympathetic character or write dialogue that isn't prattle.
1.0 This is a seriously important film and a huge achievement.
0.5 Dogville can be defended and even praised on pure ideological grounds, but most moviegoers, even those who are sophisticated and have open minds, are going to find it a very dry and unsatisfactory slog through conceits masquerading as ideas.
0.875 Imagine if Jesus Christ came to die for our sins only to discover we weren't worth the trouble.
0.75 A tenacious, brutal drama that dares you to turn your back.
0.5 Life is too short for three hours of misanthropy and misogyny.
0.75 Though certainly a failure in some respects, Dogville may be the most fascinating, richly accomplished screw-up you'll see all year.
0.7 As the core character, Kidman delivers a restraint performance, undercutting the script's didacticism and literal mindedness.
0.75 Dogville isn't for everyone, but there's some intellectually stimulating conversation fodder for those with the patience to navigate the film's rough terrain.
0.4 Pretentious, conceited, and terribly longwinded, Lars von Trier's Dogville is unappealing and horribly depressing.
0.8 Brutally masterful allegory.
0.4 I hate it, yet I'm fascinated by the magnitude of the ambition and the failure to realize it.
0.0 ... an experimental film that went as badly as one of my high school chemistry labs.
1.0 Who but von Trier could make such a film? Who else would dare?
0.7 Chapter 10, in which we realize we just sat watching a movie for 3 hours that's a little pretentious but didn't really mind - that says something.
1.0 It stalks silently, stark with its minimalism at first, and then pounces unexpectedly with an overwhelming wash of emotion like a rabid animal, with sharp piercing teeth.
1.0 Shocks, galvanizes, and exhilarates.
0.5 A satanic "Our Town."
0.7 This brilliantly acted film is a highly stylized, surprisingly successful experiment that sits somewhere between theater and cinema.
0.875 A stunning display of a filmmaker adventuring on the far side of what's possible.
0.75 Brilliant and infuriating, wise and naive, outrageous yet unforgettable.
0.2 The story's length, lack of sets, music, or a focused story combine to make one of the most excruciatingly dull cinematic experiences I can remember.
1.0 What starts out as distracting works to bring us in closer to what we should be concentrating on: the passion of Nicole Kidman's tragic heroine, and what her suffering says about the hope of all mankind.
1.0 A simple tale, told so well while being so revealing. There are many reasons why it shouldn't work, but because it does, it feels magical.
0.75 Darkly funny, intellectually challenging and obliquely didactic.
1.0 Challenging, dramatic, provocative.
0.875 Von Trier, light years from the formula doggerel at the multiplex, delivers something rare these days: a film of ideas.
0.6 While you watch the movie, it can seem ridiculously long-winded. But once it's over, its characters' miserable faces remain etched in your memory, and its cynical message lingers.
1.0 An audaciously original feat of allegorical story.telling, one of those visionary achievements that stirs moviegoers into a fury and goes on to define a decade.
1.0 Movie pop art is enjoying a renaissance, of which Lars von Trier's savagely cathartic Dogville is the consummate centerpiece
0.5 Lars von Trier's peculiar compulsion to humiliate his heroines has finally crescendoed to a deafening din of indiscriminate, exasperating martyrdom.
0.25 Running a painfully long three hours, Dogville is pretentious with a capital 'P.'
0.4 ...engages us on [a] gut level, and asks us to shut off our minds in the meanwhile.
1.0 It really is a masterpiece-von Trier's first, as it happens.
0.3 Don't waste your money on this one.
0.94 As deeply insightful as it is deeply disturbing, Dogville will challenge you both intellectually and emotionally. The first great film of '04.
0.8 Daunting, non-naturalistic and bold.
0.875 Utterly engrossing.
0.8 with von Trier holding the leash this moral fable of bordertown corruption and biblical vengeance manages to grip the viewer with its ferocious bite.
1.0 Maddening, challenging and audacious, Dogville is an unlikely masterpiece.
0.8 For all the ideas being examined, it works as a compelling drama too, and the acting is excellent.
1.0 Nao deixe de assistir a esta obra-prima. Nao e sempre que o Cinema produz algo assim.
1.0 Uncompromising filmmaking that's both artistic and powerfully entertaining.
1.0 Without a doubt one of the most brilliant films I have had the chance to experience.
0.92 A brilliant tale of intellectual awakening.
1.0 Make of the provocation what you will, but don't miss this completely unique and extraordinary movie by one of the world's most adventurous directors on top of his game.
0.9 An innovatively staged parable about a fear-based American community in the 1930s who demonstrate greed, hatred and small-mindedness in their treatment of a stranger.
0.6 Going from a story as fanciful as Dancer in the Dark to the stripped setting of Dogville is certainly bold, it's too bad the reward is so anti-climactic
0.7 Savage and compelling, even if von Trier's political ends (this being the first in a proposed trilogy about America) are too murky and caustic for the film to seem fully realized.
0.5 ...[an] overlong running time (three hours!) and inexplicably odd behavior among characters does the film in.
0.75 Dogville is not a cry of rage against America -- it's a cry of rage against all mankind. It demands to be seen but not to be loved.
1.0 This acerbic "illustration" of a small town's curious notions of entitlement unspools as a Christian allegory by way of Mark Twain or Dr. Seuss.
0.9 It's precisely [this] arrogance that makes von Trier such a dynamic force in modern filmmaking.
0.8 Darkly humorous, this documentary is all about the curious mixology of obsessive compulsive personalities and road kill...
1.0 It's difficult to imagine anyone from George W. Bush's administration coming forth with such awe-inspiring, agenda-free candor, contrition, insight and misgivings about America's foreign policy. A documentary about morals, respect and blind luck.
0.875 [It] raise[s] complex questions about man's role in that most awful and inherent of human characteristics: our penchant for war.
1.0 a deeply felt testament of a man struggling to wring meaning and redemption out of history's hard, unyielding surfaces
1.0 The images and music combine with McNamara's voice and expressions to create a tapestry of a life lived toughly through a world that has looked over the edge at hell itself.
0.5 Morris seems to go deep. But does he? The film is Morris's but the message McNamara's... The film is effective emotionally -- sometimes unbearably so. Intellectually...?
0.6 His accounts are thought provoking and timely.
0.8 An engrossing and illuminating documentary.
1.0 I'm dismayed when movies like this come along, because they deserve to be seen. But audiences generally don't give them what they deserve.
1.0 This brilliant, uncompromising film should be seen by everyone.
0.875 Morris' recent win of the Best Documentary Oscar was well deserved.
0.8 With The Fog of War the human frailties of power and policy are brought into focus with our current situation. Who else is freaked out?
0.9 Offers a couple of hours of brilliant clarity amid the noise and chaos.
0.8 The sincerity here is brutal.
0.875 it's clear Morris is taking aim both at the tough-talking Texan who lived in the White House 40 years ago and the one who's currently there...
0.75 Engrossing from start to finish... but it may be Morris's least challenging film...
0.9 Even if you aren't a history buff or normally watch documentarties, Errol Morris' film is fascinating.
1.0 "The Fog of War" is a fascinating documentary, both an examination of the forces that guide nations and a portrait of an old man who slipped through his own fingers.
0.75 The Fog of War offers many lessons to mull over, yet the most meaningful one might be the old axiom about history repeating itself.
0.8 Simultaneously offers priceless insight into the nation's past and a worrisome take on the future.
0.8 If you, too, missed out on the fun of despising McNamara, you'll be entertained but unsatisfied by The Fog of War.
1.0 What's genuinely suspenseful about the movie is its journey into the heart and mind of McNamara.
0.875 A provocative case study in power and the powerful.
0.875 One of the most important films I've seen in the last year or so. A matter of life and death, required viewing for those sincerely interested in a better understanding of war.
1.0 Morris uses McNamara's long life and firsthand experience to indicate how technology has made the ethics of war much more difficult to tread.
1.0 Offers insightful, painful history and a clear demonstration that the so-called 'best and the brightest' of the JFK and LBJ years did some tragically stupid things.
0.875 It is part hagiography and part biography, part public apology and part performance art.
0.875 War is so complex that there's no way to see through to any single, objective explanation
1.0 Not only fascinating, it's important.
0.875 Watching McNamara, his eyes darting as he tries to sell his version of history, is the movie's most eerily compelling sight.
0.75 Virtuoso documentarian Errol Morris once again brings out the best (and a little bit of the worst) in his subject, this time former Defense Secretary Robert S. McNamara.
0.9 Sobering, alarming, and fascinating.
0.875 An insanely timely cautionary tale about American omniscience and the fallible belief that rationality will always win out.
0.875 A fascinating ride through U.S. war history's choppy waters.
0.875 McNamara, a robust conversationalist, is so lively that he bursts out of what is essentially a talking-head documentary.
0.875 Disturbing.
0.8 A stethoscope on the heartbeat of history.
0.8 History needs to be re-examined, but it is rare for a filmmaker to have unfettered access to a reclusive figure who was so crucial in making history.
0.75 Essentially McNamara's version of himself through history, and he is such a persuasive figure.
0.8 Offers a fascinating history lesson -- and one you'll probably never read in any book.
0.875 Morris' smart, argumentative film is deceptively simple.
0.875 The interviews were filmed a year before the war in Iraq. That so many of McNamara's lessons have come into play imbue The Fog of War with an eerie clarity.
0.875 [McNamara's] humility is that of a player who has decided to keep certain hole cards his own, forever. We could think about this movie for just about as long.
0.875 Morris puts a once-despised human face on a difficult period in American history.
0.5 Morris has learned a lot over the years about how to tell a story while gradually unveiling a personality. But I wish I had a better notion of what story he's trying to tell.
1.0 Morris, an ideal combination of journalist and romantic artist, matches footage to the words for maximum illumination and emotional impact.
1.0 Should be required viewing for anyone who makes decisions about national defense, if not for everyone.
1.0 The effect of The Fog of War is to impress upon us the frailty and uncertainty of our leaders.
0.875 In his willingness to speak up but not entirely out, McNamara provides the movie with its key fascination: the confessor who refuses to comment.
1.0 Morris fills [his film with] skewed and crooked angles on McNamara himself -- as if even the camera couldn't get a grasp on the elusive nature of this topic.
1.0 Brilliant.
1.0 It is a profound examination of the troubling proposition that good or well-meaning people can help create horrible and evil events -- and be swept along in the turmoil they unleash.
0.875 ...may be the scariest movie of 2003.
0.75 As fascinating as it is, it's not clear what conclusions can be drawn other than that war is hell and it would be preferable if mankind could just live together in peace.
0.875 It should be required viewing for all political and military leaders.
0.54 Armchair philosophers might find truths about human nature in this bait and switch, but promises to stringently examine McNamara's strategic decisions left me feeling slighted
0.8 Morris' real genius is that he knows how to listen, knows when to stop questioning and thereby let people reveal themselves, more than they intended
1.0 Though the movie may not change many minds about McNamara, it richly humanizes him, a valuable feat atop all the fascinating reflection.
0.6 Those already familiar with McNamara's book will notice few revelations here, and Morris's non-confrontational style allows McNamara to basically recite passages from his book in toto.
0.875 By asking the right questions and guiding the interview into compelling territory, Morris has produced one of 2003's most memorable documentaries.
0.75 Despite its more tendentious moments and sometimes irritating slickness, Fog of War is every bit as fascinating and unnerving as its subject.
1.0 As The Fog of War demonstrates, [McNamara] shouldn't be ignored.
0.8 Whether or not you agree with his politics, McNamara is a fascinating man... it's a compelling documentary that may scare you a little and will certainly make you think.
0.8 One of the best documentaries of this or any year.
1.0 As in Morris movies like Gates of Heaven and The Thin Blue Line, the filmmaking is meticulous and the ideas are endlessly thought-provoking.
0.875 This architect of war cum elder statesman directly benefits from Morris' curiously stylish effort, making for enduringly captivating cinema.
0.8 The Fog of War has a central figure who himself is shrouded in a fog of mystery -- and the "truth" becomes harder to decipher or even intuit.
0.875 It will knock you for a loop like no other movie this year.
0.8 There is nothing simple about Robert McNamara and nothing simplistic about Errol Morris's involving look at him.
0.9 This is a beautifully produced film, expertly edited with a haunting Philip Glass score and statistics that are meaningful and extremely disturbing.
0.8 Os ensinamentos de McNamara deixam algo claro: caso Bush estivesse no poder quando ocorreu a crise dos misseis cubanos, provavelmente nao estariamos aqui hoje.
0.7 If there's one movie that ought to be studied by military and civilian leaders around the world at this treacherous historical moment, it is The Fog of War.
0.75 ...should appeal to history buffs and neophytes alike...
0.875 What becomes clear is that McNamara - often confident and convincing - is not an entirely reliable narrator of his own story.
0.75 Now, in Errol Morris' fascinating documentary, an 85-year-old McNamara looks squarely into Morris' camera and, with his eyes occasionally yielding tears, rehashes his life with a mixture of guilt, pride, candor, sadness and self-delusion.
0.7 Evidently mellowed by time and experience, McNamara is a man whose revelations and life make compelling viewing.
0.8 A superb survey of the last half-century of American politics and one that has much to say about the current administration's attitudes.
0.75 Morris allows McNamara the dignity of his memories, yet never allows the viewer to forget the deeply troubling moral questions bound to those memories.
0.8 There aren't any easy answers, and devotees of Errol Morris should know that going in.
0.8 [A] fascinating documentary on the Austrian auteur.
0.8 The interviews may unveil little fresh information, but the shots of Haneke in action offer up minor revelations.
0.6 Clips of Haneke at work and of the many controversial films themselves make this an intriguing 70 minutes, if a slightly scary one, particularly when he laughs.
0.8 A must-see for anyone who admires this director.
0.6 Nothing revolutionary here, but a few spellbinding behind the scenes moments.
0.8 An absorbing and fascinating watch, with remarkable behind-the-scenes footage and insightful interviews with notable stars.
0.6 We don't learn much ... about what motivates Haneke, although we learn a lot, through the man and his collaborators, about how he operates when working.
0.8 An insightful portrait of the Austrian auteur that combines footage of him piecing together scenes from Amour, The White Ribbon and Code Unknown with typically brusque interviews.
1.0 Profound docu explores African-American racial identity.
1.0 A salute to Timothy Greenfield-Sanders and Elvis Mitchell is in order for producing an innovative series likely to revamp the way in which television studios approach the personal portrait genre.
0.74 The narrative trots all over the globe, including stops for labor exploitation in the Marianas Islands, dealings with Russian mobsters,ripping off Indian tribes in the desert southwest, and jetting to Scotland to golf with impressionable politicians.
0.75 There's not much new in Casino Jack and the United States of Money, but it is a lucid, entertaining documentary.
0.8 You need to see this movie. You need to see it not just from an historical perspective of hypocrisy laid bare, but as a cautionary tale.
0.9 The subject matter is likely to enrage and for all the appropriate reasons.
0.75 Offers a wide-ranging look at Abramoff's antics, from promoting sweatshops in Saipan to cheating Indian tribes out of casino revenues.
0.3 Picture a dry PowerPoint presentation, divided into chapters with a fade-to-black screen scrawled with cutesy titles. Are we short-changed with this doc? You can bet on it.
0.875 Alex Gibney pulls the same feat he achieved with "Enron: The Smartest Guys in the Room," making complicated financial chicanery first understandable, then entertaining, then completely maddening.
0.86 Disheartening though, at times, dizzyingly entertaining,..
0.75 Abramoff and a few others landed in jail, but there's little joy to be had from this saga, since a long list of other crooks from the Bush-Cheney glory years never served time for their crimes.
0.625 A lot of the film is rambling. Points aren't connected very well, and it feels needlessly convoluted. Worse, the tone seems completely inappropriate. If Gibney can't take the subject of human slavery -- in the Marianas islands -- seriously, how can we?
0.6 That the film is overlong ultimately testifies to its importance, though after a while, the outrageous details start to run together like surreal satire. Except, of course, that it's all true.
0.8 Abramoff documentary is appalling, entertaining
0.7 You can't make this stuff up, folks. Gibney does a fine job laying it out on the table for what it is.
0.6 Gibney laudably launches a withering attack here on the pay-to-play relationship between lobbyists and lawmakers. But this viewer felt withered, too, by the end of his battering ram of a movie.
0.75 Gibney is a busy boy, and he draws the lines between Abramoff and his friends -- and his friends' friends -- with the documentary equivalent of a highlighter.
0.75 Casino Jack is designed as an indictment of a whole culture of influence peddling, a Beltway way of life where a pat on the back often comes with a kickback.
0.875 Had someone fire-bombed an annual college-Republicans' meeting in the early 1980s, he would have spared this country a lot of pain and strife.
0.625 The picture is briskly edited, and the energy never lags. But the amount of information the viewer is asked to process is voluminous -- and never stops coming.
0.5 The snarky tone, use of musical puns and jokey graphics (was Keith Olbermann an executive producer?) undermine the impact of the story.
0.625 Invokes as much mild outrage as a presentation of lobbying gone wild can. It's not exactly an earth-shattering revelation.
0.75 It's a story well told, but Abramoff's voice is missing: Gibney interviewed him in prison but could not film him. You wonder what this sweet-talker might say for himself, looking back over that long, ugly money trail.
0.8 Those compelled by secrecy in Washington will find a devastating, disturbing examination of political back-scratching.
0.795 Occasionally drags and offers nothing surprising or new, yet it remains intriguing and provocative thanks to Gibney's easy-to-follow and comprehensive assessment of Abramoff's rise and fall to power.
0.7 Entertainingly and usefully ties all the far-flung pieces together to comprehensibly show his consistent pattern of corrupt operations that wasn't the lone rotten apple.
0.6 Mr. Abramoff may be in prison, but there are no signs that his kind of high-powered lobbying, which one talking head describes as "legalized bribery," is a thing of the past.
0.5 Ultimately, it becomes a Rorschach test of the viewer's cynicism: Does it shock you? You must not live in Washington, read the newspaper or follow politics. Are you horrified? Congratulations, and now wise up.
0.75 Watching Casino Jack and the United States of Money made me sick to my stomach.
0.8 Gibney is as good as it gets at making complicated political material come alive on screen.
0.75 Fascinating viewing as you start to root against the dastardly villains who had more ego than ethics.
0.4 The big absence here is the man himself; Gibney couldn't get the jailed Abramoff on camera, either due to unwillingness or a Justice Department intervention. Whatever the reason, it's crippling.
0.8 If the inner workings of Washington, D.C. interest you, especially in terms of how politicians and lobbyists work the system to make money, Gibney's latest can be accepted as a fine addition to his filmography.
0.75 It makes plain, from the outset, its position as an expose-cum-condemnation of our political system as inherently flawed with regard to the relationship between lobbyists, politicians, and policy.
0.8 Most of the anecdotes (and there are many) are as juicy and compelling as they are plain-old horrifying.
0.875 We're left to decide which wounds go the deepest, those from Afghanistan or those caused by the confusion and emotional barrages he continues to suffer in America.
0.875 In its closing scenes, "Hell and Back Again" builds to an emotional and stylistic power that we didn't see coming.
0.875 Dennis's film attempts something few documentaries have: to inhabit the psyche of its subject.
0.875 Hell and Back Again offers a potent documentary correlative to the narrative of The Hurt Locker.
0.75 The film suggests that it doesn't really matter whether Harris ever gets back in uniform. He's forever carrying around a piece of unexploded ordnance in his head.
0.875 Lays bare the truth of war - its hellish quality - with such power, you're not likely to look at this, or any other conflict, the same way again.
0.8 A tough but deeply rewarding watch. Search it out.
0.75 The director has no intention of making a prefab antiwar statement. He simply wants to show us an experience, just as it happened, and let the chips fall where they may.
0.8 This pulls no punches.
0.8 Flashbacks, overlapping sound and dynamic editing viscerally convey Harris' state of mind, leaving a bleak picture of the struggle to win the Afghani people's trust.
0.8 As vital as the best war chronicles to come out in recent years, this is one every American ought to see.
0.9 has the artistry of a painting and the impact of a sucker punch.
0.7 Doesn't offer up much information, but carves out a sturdy slice of life portrait
0.8 Just as necessary and cinematic as Restrepo ... brilliantly structures the story of a Marine's homecoming so that the war footage functions like flashback sequences.
0.6 A group of true believers in the American cause in the Afghanistan war and what happens to one of them when he comes home injured.
0.8 The visuals are consistently bleak, but the film's engagement with Harris and the often-harsh world around him is clear-eyed and empathetic.
0.75 Dennis refuses to push a political agenda down viewers' throats. But the message of his film -- a breathlessly paced look at the realities of war -- is clear: War and its aftermath are indeed hell.
0.8 You can feel just how jarring and stressful it must be for a soldier to go from the life-and-death adrenaline rush of war to the maddeningly slow world of rehabilitation and forced inactivity.
0.625 Danfung Dennis's documentary isn't content to merely capture warriors in combat.
0.8 Danfung Dennis appears to set out to make a film on one subject, only to have an entirely new, much more compelling story emerge in the midst of shooting.
0.6 Whilst Dorff is fairly blank in the central role, Monaghan is superb, creating a character whose unlikeliness doesn't detract from her believability.
0.375 Stephen Dorff struggles to rise above the plainness of the film's premise.
0.7 Simmering undercurrents of dread and distrust drive this updated "Bonnie and Clyde" set in the dark inner city.
0.3 Tomorrow You're Gone may be overly confusing from start to finish, but there's no confusion about the fact that it's simply not very good.
0.4 Tomorrow You're Gone looks like it was made after reading the first chapter of Noir for Dummies.
0.6 The movie tries to achieve something we've seen done so much better in the past without the level of writing necessary to make it work.
0.125 Hardboiled noir play-acting doesn't get more sluggish than in this leaden tale that blurs the line between reality and delusion in a way that's less intriguing than simply confusing.
0.2 I'm Still Here is incredibly self indulgent and pointless. As a piece it is not funny, and simply put, it's just painful to watch and offers very little.
0.375 Joaquin gets the last laugh on us all. But the movie's a mess.
0.4 As a defeated Phoenix cleanses himself in the waters of Panama at the movie's climax, ultimately you're left asking the same question you were wondering when you went in: why should I care?
0.375 If what's happening in the film is honest and real, it's more spectacle than introspection. If it's all fake, only the filmmakers are laughing.
0.3 An ugly and disturbing deconstruction of self-destruction and emptiness.
0.9 Phoenix and Affleck aren't merely concerned with teaching everyone a lesson -- that would be cheap. They offer us an opportunity to step through the looking glass and see the human being that sits behind the famous personality.
0.0 If Phoenix and Affleck are engaged in an extended performance-art piece, their message ? that America?s celebrity culture is empty and soul-crushing ? isn?t anything that hasn?t been said before.
0.5 Phoenix needs a hug. And a Bowflex.
0.2 Casy Affleck is trying to claim that I'm Still Here is 'gonzo film-making'. And I'm right with him on that point. It DOES look like it was made by a muppet.
0.83 ...it took something like courage to make it, and it has some ofthe same iconoclastic power of punk rock, with the same edge of sneering cynicism ballasted by a canny sense of the market.
0.2 I don't get it.
0.4 I'm Still Here's gruelling faux-doc assemblage loses its charm after about 40 minutes.
0.375 Why leave all that wreckage in their path if there's no real point; no insightful takeaway?
0.6 Self-indulgent? Definitely. Funny? Mostly. Real? It actually doesn't matter.
0.6 The result is intriguing, fitfully amusing and terribly sad because if the story was for real then it has left Phoenix a laughing stock and a broken man.
0.6 Affleck's meta-satire riffs amusingly on celebrity culture without hitting too many faux-doc highs.
0.2 Not entertaining at all, regardless of whether you believe it or not. It comes across as a bunch of talentless high school kids making a home-grown version of Jackass
0.25 No doubt what we witness is a performance for the camera, but with what motivation? Or is the hoax a hoax?
0.4 The revelation the whole thing was a sham cannot repair the damage Joaquin Phoenix has done to a once-promising career. I'm Still Here is a practical joke, and not a very good one, either in conception or execution.
0.9 Dear The Academy Awards, please give Joaquin Phoenix and Casey Affleck their Oscars now please. One of the most riveting pieces of entertainment this year!
0.75 Maybe "I'm Still Here" tells the truth, in the sense that it shows us Phoenix's unhappy personal view of the life behind the velvet rope that he's rejected.
0.5 Is this cinema verite or a satire of celebrity self-regard? If this is 'Borat' in extremis, is its portrait of an artist in anguish any less legitimate? Ultimately, the film is more interesting to discuss than to watch.
0.4 It's one thing to pull off a hoax; it's quite another to transform the fakery into authentic entertainment.
1.0 Joaquin Phoenix gives the performance of a lifetime. Funny, tragic, compulsive and utterly one of a kind, you must see this film.
0.8 It is an astonishing film -- hilarious, revealing and, at times, genuinely shocking.
0.8 The joke may yet be on us, but for now Affleck has delivered one of the most riveting yet virtually unwatchable documentaries you are ever likely to see.
0.4 Although there aren't enough entertaining highlights to see us through the many dull spots, the film's sheer curiosity value keeps it queasily fascinating.
0.8 Whatever the truth, Affleck's film makes for a sharp critique of celebrity culture, as vicious vloggers lead a tirade of abuse against Phoenix, only serving to increase his angst.
0.7 There's a kind of genius to the whole affair, which is a good thing, because there's no trace of genius about the film itself, which is coarse and amateurish.
0.375 Although skillfully overhyped, this asinine exercise is little more than a way for Affleck and Phoenix to write off blow and hookers.
0.6 It raises some interesting questions about celebrity privilege and categorization.
0.8 A comedy that's toe-curlingly funny and stingingly bittersweet.
0.8 As director Casey Affleck does a brilliantly invisible job. We barely even think "fly on the wall"; we assume there are no walls.
0.6 If you like watching movie stars embarrass themselves for your amusement and for no point whatsoever, I'm Still Here is not a bad way to go.
0.7 If the film had been released as fiction, it would been greeted as a raw and revealing slice of Hollywood's underside. But Phoenix wouldn't have enjoyed himself nearly as much.
0.5 As directed by actor Casey Affleck -- also the subject's brother-in-law -- I'm Still Here is an unreliable, yet undeniably unique portrait of Phoenix burning his celebrity to cinders.
0.5 The film is shapeless in a way that suggests Affleck and his editing team is making it up entirely out of odds and ends.
0.8 Impressively directed and sharply written, this is a blackly funny mockumentary that works on several different levels, though it's not exactly an easy watch.
0.8 Joaquin Phoenix delivers one of his best performances playing a twisted version of himself in this might be / might not be real docu-drama.
0.0 Real documentary or hoax it's pathetic; there are definitely only losers here, in the film, behind the camera, and in the audience.
0.5 The crux of I'm Still Here is the same as the one central to most of Lars von Trier's filmic pranks: How far can one mess with one's audience while feigning sincerity?
0.6 [It] may or may not be a put-on. If it is, it's done with a visceral edge that is as difficult to watch as it is morbidly fascinating
0.7 Assuming this is a hoax, Phoenix gives one of his greatest performances. If it's real, then he's a disgrace.
0.6 At this point, it looks like it's up to you whether you want to believe or not. Phoenix's trainwreck of a life and the "why" becomes a discussion for another time.
0.5 Hip hop hoax or artist reborn? It's hard to care after suffering through I'm Still Here
0.3 I'm Still Here is a home movie for relatives and masochists. It's the Apocalypse Now of crap.
0.2 An elaborate piece of performance art or a documentary about an identity crisis of a man committing professional suicide? Either way, I'm Still Here is grating, boring, and completely without value.
0.54 It's a neat experiment with a brilliant performance but still not all that interesting.
0.625 I'm not sure I believed a word of this film. Actors who melt down on camera are usually, well, acting. But I couldn't take my eyes off I'm Still Here.
0.63 To what end did Phoenix go to all this trouble, creating this bizarre false persona? What emerges in the film is an angry attack on the media, and an intermittently fascinating examination of the way celebrity flameouts are publicly & privately treated.
0.4 It's hard not to feel punk'd and trapped amid the company of jerks.
0.8 At times I'm Still Here is as ridiculous as Borat, which certainly adds weight to the naysayers' arguments, and yet even through the multiple shots of male nudity, drug taking and human desecration, everything feels organic.
0.5 The movie is as damnably perplexing as the subject himself.
0.125 When I'm Still Here reached its climactic moment -- Joaquin Phoenix puking into a toilet -- I had never before felt quite so much like a toilet.
0.6 We always knew that he can be a bit of a weirdo; I'm Still Here teaches us that he can be exceedingly clever as well. And there will always be a place in Hollywood for clever weirdos.
0.5 I'm Still Here is like watching the 15 minutes in Boogie Nights where Dirk Diggler tries to become a recording artist, stretched into a full-length movie.
0.8 Whatever their actual intentions, I'm Still Here does take on, at times forcefully and effectively, the pathological fallout of the Entertainment Industrial Complex.
0.4 A glum and dispiriting counterfeit of reality that turns out to be much more interesting to speculate about than to actually watch.
1.0 It better be a hoax, because, if it is not, Phoenix needs serious mental and emotional therapy and, possibly, rehab.
0.75 If I'm Still Here started as a vanity project, it became a debasing one. If it is a hoax, it shows Phoenix as an actor entirely without fear.
0.625 A psychological snuff film, unpleasant and provocative in equal measure.
0.25 Whether truth or folly, it's not particularly well made. Even in the midst of Phoenix's most oddball and obsessive torment, it's boring.
0.875 A meditation on a life lived in the public eye, I'm Still Here is strange, riveting, and occasionally appalling stuff, any way you look at it.
0.625 What I'm Still Here most resembles is a less slick, less witty, feature-length version of HBO's Entourage, with several unusually raunchy touches...
0.2 There is absolutely no good that can come from this movie.
0.25 Since Phoenix spends half the film with his head down, mumbling and shirtless, I'm Still Here is literally (and figuratively) an exercise in navel-gazing.
0.625 Parts of it are close to genius; most of it is actively torturous to watch.
0.6 If the film is nothing more than a practical joke on the audience, it certainly doesn't aim to be as caustic or ferociously political as, say, Borat.
0.5 "I'm Still Here" is a film that gets in your face and under your skin. Kind of like a portrait wiped with the artist's excrement. It's disgusting, but it's still art. The question is, at what cost?
0.4 If all that I'm Still Here documents is a hoax then Joaquin Phoenix is a far better actor than I ever suspected.
0.5 The big question that the peculiar [film] doesn't answer is whether Phoenix is working through a creative rut or if any of his unusual behavior is par for the course.
0.4 You won't personally be ridiculed and physically attacked. You'll just leave the theater feeling like you were.
0.6 Suggests a proper human being trying to make sense of a life in the public eye he never really wanted.
0.75 If the movie is a fake, the filmmakers deserve Oscars for creativity.
0.8 As a character he is extreme, a grandiose wild man who manages to be irritating and ingratiating at the exact same time. It is a performance that is both absurd and committed and ranks among his best.
1.0 I'm Still Here is a picture of spoiled entitlement, but its real impressiveness comes with its unusually mature sense of pacing.
0.4 Increasingly annoying, deluded, mumbling narcissism. Joaquin Phoenix may still be here, somewhere, but I no longer care.
0.6 Like a pair of po-faced co-conspirators, Affleck and Phoenix have cooked up an audacious little distraction; a stage-managed Hollywood Babylon that's at once gaudily entertaining and willfully self-indulgent.
0.4 The film is made up of half-formed sketches in which Phoenix comes across like a childish crank who's escaped from his soap box at Speakers' Corner.
0.6 This film gives us more access than the most inquisitive tabloid magazines into Phoenix's world. By doing so, it makes us question and even become a little ashamed about our own voyeurism.
0.0 Rarely has the question of a documentary's artifice mattered less. I genuinely hated this picture, almost as much as I've admired Phoenix's work.
0.75 It's not well-done technically -- the image and sound are bad -- but it has the advantage of access to private and tormented moments.
0.75 Too bad James Longley couldn't have broadcast this insightful documentary immediately after he shot it in 2003 and 2004.
0.75 Iraq in Fragments ... appears to be asking a simple, but often unmentioned, question: Oh yeah, what about the people of Iraq?
0.7 The technique is more expressionistic than naturalistic, but it makes the film far more vivid and emotionally satisfying.
0.75 The film is terrific at providing a kaleidoscopic sense of life unfolding, with imaginative editing and colors that seem to leap off the screen.
0.875 Because [director] Longley uses a technique that forgoes interviews and voiceover commentary in favour of observation and revealing juxtapositions, his movie puts you both in the chaos and just above it.
0.8 [An] evocative, heartbreaking documentary told from three disparate but equally compelling perspectives: the Sunnis, Shiites and Kurds.
0.875 Stands up as a classic war documentary, in its unusual poetic form and by its extraordinary access to the lives of ordinary Iraqis.
0.75 Iraq in Fragments sometimes feels random, but it is a well-crafted, thoughtful study of the dueling divisiveness and hope that will define the region long after foreign troops leave.
0.75 We're used to seeing Iraq through the lens of washed-out digital video, so it's striking how sumptuous and elegantly-composed the shots are in "Iraq in Fragments."
0.8 James Longley's devastating documentary Iraq in Fragments has neither narration nor obvious political ax to grind, but it manages to tell us something about Iraq that we aren't getting or can't get from standard news coverage.
0.833333333333 By turns tender and shocking, Iraq in Fragments strikes a rare balance between impromptu fluidity and feature-film narrative control, in the process resisting both partisanship and predigested points of view.
0.875 Director James Longley doesn't say anything new about the politics of Iraq, but he leaves us with a vivid impression of its people, its places and its seemingly irreconcilable contradictions.
0.75 The struggles [documentary filmmaker James Longley] recorded in his dazzling Iraq in Fragments aren't battlefield conflicts, but the personal, religious and political efforts of Iraqi citizens to reassemble their shattered lives.
0.75 In addition to the interesting camera work, the documentary's undeniable appeal comes in how close Longley gets to the characters, who are all male. They speak openly of the past, the U.S. forces, the uncertain future.
0.88 Longley is a strikingly effective director
0.75 There are embedded journalists in Iraq, and then there is "Iraq in Fragments" director James Longley.
0.8 Watch the evening news and you get a view of Iraq from high above the wreckage. In this fascinating doc, director James Longley shows us how things look on the ground.
0.8 In a series of stunningly filmed sequences, Longley and his camera seek out the real lives outside the frame of conventional TV news, and he succeeds in creating both compelling journalism and superb images.
0.8 What makes Iraq In Fragments so distinctive is its impressionistic and at times lyrical imagery.
0.9 A work of beauty as well as horror, Iraq In Fragments is one of the best of the many documentaries to come out of that ruined country. It's powerful, enlightening and necessarily depressing.
0.6 Shot over three years, this is one of the more considered and insightful Iraqi documentaries - although some may find its stylistic contrasts a little self-conscious and distracting.
0.875 Longley's access to public and private developments in the wake of the U.S. invasion of Iraq is often stunning.
0.92 Longley's journalistic discipline is as impressive as his artistic eye: He's content to show, not tell.
0.75 Although the film doesn't make any earth-shattering discoveries, it at least attempts to put a face on an 'enemy' that few Americans have considered.
0.875 A heartbreaking assessment of Iraq's reconstruction from the point-of-view of its intended beneficiaries.
1.0 Iraq in Fragments opens a window on the world of the war's casualties in a narrative triptych that's profoundly haunting and often ravishing.
0.8 ... this one demands to be seen.
1.0 [Director] Longely's real strength lies in his ability to draw from the observances of children.
0.75 [Director] Longley shows a poetic, almost elegiacal artistry. After two years, he might not understand the Iraqi people fully, but they have won his heart and mind.
0.75 Visually arresting and deeply disheartening, James Longley's impressionistic documentary explores the pain of a shattered country by homing in on a few tiny shards.
0.75 The imagery is poetic and beautiful at times. Meanwhile, the haunting legacy of the documentary is that people still are being pulled apart by religious differences and ethnicity.
0.75 James Longley's Iraq in Fragments is a visually stunning documentary that looks at that country through the eyes of its own people -- a novel enough approach at a time when everyone else has had their say.
0.8 Told in tones both wondrous and horrible.
0.875 Of all the documentaries to come out of the current war, Iraq in Fragments is the least violent and perhaps the most disquieting.
0.875 A remarkable example of the conjunction of a burningly topical and newsworthy subject with a brilliant filmmaker.
0.625 People talk about the country being split into pieces, but there's not much shown to articulate how, when or why that is the case.
0.625 The film is unusual among Iraq documentaries for its impressionistic, frequently gorgeous cinematography and for its structure: It's split into thirds, one about a Sunni (the boy), one about a Shiite mob, and one about the quiet Kurds up north.
0.9 James Longley's haunting, oblique film, Iraq in Fragments, presents a collage of images, sounds and characters in an intimate, partial portrait of an unraveling nation.
0.5 Much of what is captured will be familiar for viewers of Frontline or other recent documentaries.
0.75 Style comes occasionally close to taking precedence over its heartfelt humanistic intentions, yet the film's deep respect for human resilience and hope ultimately renders cynical accusations of touristy condescension moot.
0.6 An engrossing award-winning documentary about the chaotic and bloody situation in Iraq as seen through the eyes of Sunnis, Shiites, and Kurds.
1.0 Raw and powerful.
1.0 A visually startling, patiently observed and deeply humanist film.
0.6 Tense, twisting crime docu is deeply disturbing.
1.0 Know as little going in as possible. The film's tragedy predates Facebook and Twitter, but the rapid-fire way in which its memorials are edited and the scope of those offering them feels like social-network expression of grief - fast, immediate, unifying.
1.0 A powerful home movie about real-world evil and good
0.7 Filmmaker Kurt Kuenne set out to make a memorial about his best friend, Dr. Andrew Bagby, with the intention of giving the tribute to Dr. Bagby's son, Zachary, so the boy--unborn at the time of Dr. Bagby's brutal murder, would know about the father whom h
0.875 The most ambitious work of its kind.
1.0 Emocionalmente exaustivo. Nao, mais: devastador. Profundamente devastador.
0.9 After it's through, a lot will have been said about friendship, injustice, and both faith in and letdown from the legal system, along with the intriguing thought that moral fortitude provides both its own punishments and rewards.
0.5 A documentary that never should have been made, this film is maudlin tabloid journalism thrown onto the screen. All we get in the end is a cry for revenge.
0.75 Long after the credits roll one will be rendered both empty and lifted by a bewildered family's sudden forbidden journey into the abyss of emotional darkness.
1.0 Just take our advice and bring tissues. You're going to need them.
1.0 The phrase labor of love is so often tossed about, but Kurt Kuenne's emotionally wrenching documentary is absolutely that.
0.625 A sincere heartfelt documentary about life, death and murder.
0.8 a documentary of wrenching pathos
0.9 While it truly is a sad tale of friendship and loss, it is far more unexpected, anguished and absolutely sincere. You may see it coming, but you will feel the emotional impact that will haunt you for days.
1.0 This is one of the most emotionally transparent films ever made, and its gallery of heroes and villains trumps most of what you'll see in a multiplex this year.
1.0 Raw, powerful, haunting, and unforgettable.
0.7 An undeniably shattering story, if forgivably shaky in its impassioned, therapeutic unfolding.
0.875 Kuenne uses ingenious montages and judicious pacing tactics to drive through reams of evidence, legal codes and other data that, in most documentaries, would leave viewers' eyes glazed over.
0.8 This is a North American tragedy not of epic proportion, but of a deeply personal one.
0.8 Flaws aside, Dear Zachary is an impressive piece of work that easily ranks as one of the year's best documentaries.
0.75 A four-handkerchief documentary if there ever was one.
0.8 It is impossible not to be fired up by Kurt Kuenne's incendiary cri de coeur, Dear Zachary: A Letter to a Son About His Father.
0.8 Dear Zachary will break your heart -- but don't even consider missing it.
0.85 Anyone who does not cry during Dear Zachary: A Letter To A Son About His Father is inhuman.
0.9 One of the most powerful and moving films this year, a personal film that perfectly captures the feelings of anger and loss that accompany a loved one's untimely death.
0.8 Dear Zachary's emotional intimacy is its greatest strength, and enough to get it through sections that seem more manipulative than meaningful.
0.8 One can hardly watch what an unimaginable breakdown of Canadian law enforcement and protection of the young cost in loss and sorrow as the tale turns almost too painful to bear.
1.0 Dear Zachary is not just Oscar-worthy material, but Oscar-requisite. If the Academy's documentary branch can't find a way to nominate this film (and then promptly reward it) then there's more than one corruption of justice that needs to be investigated.
1.0 Prepare to be equally angry and emotionally drained as you watch real, so-called justice in action. This film will be one of the best you're likely to see this year.
1.0 Companheiro tematico do excelente Shadow Company, o filme expoe de forma articulada a ganancia pavorosa das grandes corporacoes, que nao hesitam em sacrificar vidas e roubar o povo norte-americano com a cumplicidade do proprio governo.
0.8 Sure, it won't be seen by the people most in need of seeing it, but it might just energize others into moving away from apathy born of a sense of helplessness.
0.6 As a film, it has its share of problems, but as rabble rousing, it's a first rate rallying cry.
0.75 Greenwald is skillful enough to spark a fresh sense of outrage.
0.7 there's an undeniable rage at work here which one has to hope would influence somebody of importance somewhere. There's always hope.
0.875 ... crucial to fully understanding the Iraqi/American enterprise.
0.8 ... Iraq for Sale has an us-versus-them sensibility that's extremely effective.
0.7 Whatever you might think about the centrality of the profit motive to our society, what's going on in Iraq is going to give you pause.
0.75 Iraq for Sale is one film with an agenda that maybe everybody can get behind.
0.625 Iraq for Sale isn't balanced or objective. It carries the torch for the families of civilians who died while driving unprotected trucks on unsafe routes.
0.625 The doc gets up-close and personal. It shows one injured vet's reality after war.
0.625 Whatever you think of the film, Body of War stirs up real admiration for its subject.
0.5 "Body of War" is so simple-minded and ham-handed in its case against the war that it ends up diluting its own argument.
0.8 It's the soldier in Iraq who fights on in the face of public apathy at home. The hope in this vital film is that the voices of soldiers will be raised. They will fight on until their mission is accomplished and the Iraq war is history.
0.75 It's an unusually intimate portrait.
0.75 Body of War again demonstrates that we Americans still have some bitter truths to face.
0.5 The overreaching Spiro and Donahue are not content to persuade viewers; they insist on convincing us.
0.75 It is not merely an antiwar document, but a complex profile in courage of a paraplegic and patriot.
0.7 Body of War makes no bones about its activism. Then again, like the others, it's the willingness to contextualize events and apply reason to them that makes it and others so valuable.
0.6 On the lower tier of the numerous docs about the war and the Middle East.
0.875 A tough, affecting documentary about an American soldier in the Iraq war.
1.0 A chance to witness the struggles of a remarkable young man. Young may be paralyzed in the body, but his mind is fiercely alive.
0.5 Half an excellent and touching profile of a young veteran, but unfortunately, half a strident anti-war propaganda film.
0.875 Phil Donahue and Ellen Spiro's powerful documentary takes a microcosmic look at the war and its devastation by focusing on a single casualty.
0.875 Editor Bernadine Colish weaves together all that C-SPAN footage into a disturbing procedural indictment.
0.25 Lazy, shallow and repetitive, Phil Donahue's Body of War is one of the most incompetent documentaries to emerge from the Iraq war.
0.5 Drenched in emotion and suffused with good intentions, Body of War is impossible not to like, but difficult to admire.
0.75 Body of War is a gut-wrenching documentary experience.
0.6 A searing documentary that reveals the courageous antiwar heroism of a Iraq war veteran who is paralyzed from the waist down.
0.7 Makes for a good anti-war doc, to be sure, but an even finer -- and painfully accurate -- portrait of the former soldier as a young man.
0.875 Equal parts sadness and inspiration, fury and compassion, the film is sure to divide audiences along ideological lines. But there's no denying the reality of Tomas Young's experiences. A man who has paid so much is more than entitled to his opinions.
0.9 Almost by definition, documentaries about Iraq are gut-wrenching reminders of the unaccomplished mission. Body of War transcends even that tough standard.
0.875 ...more than just another run-of-the-mill political documentary.
0.7 Vanessa Roth's documentary American Teacher positions itself as a rebuttal to those who make political points maligning American teachers.
0.6 [S]upplements lots of stats with teachers' true tales. . . [E]ffective portraits poignantly personalize the multitude of charts and testimony from many education experts.
0.6 Convincing docu highlights underappreciated teachers.
1.0 This heartbreaking and essential look into the lives of those who put so much into educating other people's children ought to be seen by anyone concerned about the fate of the public school system, and the nation as a whole.
0.6 A heartfelt, bittersweet portrait of several teachers as they make the difficult decision of whether to stick with the profession.
0.8 As we watch the individuals in "American Teacher" struggle with the burdens the system places on them, it's hard not to feel like crying, both for them specifically and for our national culture.
0.8 A provocative documentary that sheds light on the reasons why teachers deserve higher salaries so they can flourish in the classroom doing what they love to do best.
0.5 In the sense that it perpetuates a compartmentalized view of education, American Teacher does more harm than good.
0.5 There is a passionate, combative and riveting documentary to be made about the plight of the American schoolteacher, but unfortunately the well-meaning, unfailingly decent and overly slack American Teacher isn't it.
0.5 "American Made Movie" ends up feeling as if it were built from well-known facts and wishful thinking.
0.6 "American Made Movie" takes an effective micro-macro approach to unpacking the rise and fall - and potential rebirth - of the American manufacturing sector.
0.4 The approach is as subtle as a U.S.-made Louisville Slugger to the head.
0.5 American Made Movie reveals itself as a superficial inquiry, substituting random anecdotes for genuine proposals about how the country might renew its manufacturing base.
0.375 The documentary's refusal to challenge the comfort zones of its target audience is apparent throughout.
1.0 Shocking in its day and still a genuinely creepy experience, director James Whale's primitive yet enthralling interpretation of Mary Shelley's classic tale of man playing God is the most influential genre movie ever made.
0.625 ...a watchable yet consistently uneven horror flick that feels long even at 70 minutes...
1.0 Classic monster movie still electrifies.
0.87 Frankenstein is a horror film that turns (miraculously) into an existential tale of man's fear of abandonment
0.9 If it isn't the best American horror film of the 1930s, that's only because the extremely gifted director James Whale wasn't done with the franchise quite yet.
1.0 Beautiful photography, a heartbreaking story, and iconic moments from beginnning to end. Absolutely unmissable.
0.875 A classic.
0.7 Now a classic part of scream culture.
0.8 The high tide of Universal horror. Hail Karloff.
0.8 Charming, spooky, and magical at once.
1.0 An essential classic.
1.0 Here Whale emerges in full flower%u2014the stage director in love with the theatrical and drunk on the possibilities of film.
0.9 Genuine old-school horror movie excellence ... and the sequel is even better!
1.0 Nothing can detract from the power of the most influential monster movie ever made.
0.9 Still a startling film about the borders between genius and madness, science and atrocity.
0.875 As much as the later movies diluted the character of the Frankenstein creature, nothing could blunt the impact made by Karloff in the role of the most memorable movie monster of all time.
1.0 James Whale's extravagantly produced sequel to his own Frankenstein still ranks as one of horrordom's greatest achievements.
1.0 A riveting, funny, and suspenseful horror classic.
1.0 This was to be [director James Whale's] last horror film. Small wonder; what could he possibly have left to prove?
1.0 A must for anyone with even a passing interest in horror, this not only confirms Karloff as a master of the genre, but also shows, more than any of Whale's subsequent films, the influence of his vision.
1.0 Whale's erudite genius brings it all together. He sculpts every nuance of self-parody, social satire, horror, humour, wit and whimsy into a dazzling whole, keeping every one of his fantastical plates spinning until the tragic, inevitable finale.
1.0 one of the greatest movies i've ever seen
1.0 Classic - the pinnacle of Universal horror
0.8 My Big Fat Monster Wedding.
1.0 Absolute classic horror, the best of the 'Frankensteins.'
1.0 Among the best of what Hollywood has to offer.
0.9 A horror mega-classic.
1.0 One of the best horror SEQUELS ever made.
1.0 A perfect mix of comedy and tragedy.
1.0 Whale brings camp humor to this immortal sequel without losing the horror or the pathos which the tale demands.
1.0 Grand, spectacular entertainment: a blend of horror and black comedy carried along by Whale's unique combination of theater and cinematic fireworks.
0.9 THE monster movie.
1.0 The Bride of Frankenstein has an in-your- face audacity that hasn't dimmed all that much after 63 years.
1.0 A classic, much better than the relatively straightforward original.
1.0 One of the oddest and most memorable films ever made in America.
1.0 Seen today, Whale's masterpiece is more surprising than when it was made because today's audiences are more alert to its buried hints of homosexuality, necrophilia and sacrilege. But you don't have to deconstruct it to enjoy it.
0.875 The documentary is effective, though at times it's a challenge to watch.
0.75 The documentary tends to focus more on Dallaire's plight than that of the massacred Rwandans, but it remains a powerful testament.
0.875 An overpowering film that will leave viewers shaken and ashamed.
0.6 A flat-lined, pedestrian affair, a talking-heads/ touring-heads piece that seems to point the camera in the wrong direction.
0.8 Gut-wrenching, incredibly moving, and informative about a man who still suffers and a country that still mourns.
0.8 A tragic reminder of how that overused epithet, 'Never again', makes hypocrites of us all.
0.5 We never get a satisfying re-creation of the events for which Dallaire now suffers.
0.875 Offers a rare and privileged portrait of a heroic man profoundly troubled by a terrible experience.
0.75 Terrible to watch. And that's exactly why it needs to be seen.
0.8 [It] will leave you speechless.
0.75 The filmmakers follow this compassionate and articulate man as returns to Rwanda a decade later to revisit his demons.
0.75 Shake Hands With the Devil gives us the flip side [of Hotel Rwanda].
0.8 Dallaire is not only the protagonist of Shake Hands, he is a compelling reason to see it.
0.8 Dallaire's horrifying memoir casts the sudden, savage murder of 800,000 Rwandans as a foreseeable event that could have been easily prevented had any country in the international community cared to even try.
0.75 His story is worth telling, and worth remembering for what it tells us about the West's brutal disinterest in Africa, and the United Nations' inability to do even its most basic job of keeping the peace.
0.75 Dellaire's final bit of self-abuse is to blame himself for his failure to shame the world to action.
1.0 Wrenching on both personal and political levels.
0.9 Peter Raymont's film is a respectful portrait of Romeo Dallaire, the Canadian commander of the United Nations peacekeeping force in Rwanda in 1994.
0.875 Romeo Dallaire seems to be the only human in the world with a conscience. That it's eating him alive makes Shake Hands required viewing, perhaps even at the UN.
1.0 It gives us a man who could have stopped the carnage -- 800,000 murdered in 100 days -- but whose hands were bound at the highest level. He knows this, it haunts him, and if it doesn't shame you, it should.
0.75 Extols the power of truth over fiction.
0.8 It's a highly moving film and also an angry one.
0.75 Like Dallaire's bestselling autobiography, which provides the movie's basis, the film is part therapeutic personal exorcism and part passionate humanitarian indictment.
0.6 Dallaire's tragic story is a fascinating chapter in a sad history.
0.75 An entertaining documentary.
0.625 The music throughout is wonderful and you wish there was more of it, including concert footage.
0.625 There are grudges held amid all the good will, an intention of the Hypnotic Brass Ensemble to do things on their terms, and those terms stem directly from their upbringing.
0.5 Very little of it adds up to a movie.
0.875 Their valiant attempt to find themselves is stirring, and sometimes depressing, as they backslide into alcohol and drugs.
0.75 "Sons of Perdition" is a captivating testament, but the silence of the daughters is the real revelation.
0.7 The FLDS exiles featured in Sons of Perdition fare better than you might expect and a "where are they now" coda provides more encouraging news.
0.6 What's here is compelling, if occasionally hard to follow.
1.0 One of the best scary movies ever made, one of the best scary movies even imaginable.
1.0 A masterpiece.
1.0 The first time I saw Stanley Kubrick's The Shining, I had to turn it off during three key moments... Perhaps this time, I prayed, [it] would seem almost comically silly. Yeah, not so much.
0.875 ...above all a movie about spaces, and how few things are more frightening than not knowing which way to go.
1.0 Strange and deeply creepy.
1.0 The technique is as overpowering as Nicholson's performance, which is both hammy and deeply disturbing.
0.6 Kubrick's compositions and Jack Nicholson going kill-crazy with an axe remain hard to beat on the big screen.
1.0 Re-cut or not, The Shining remains one of the most viscerally disturbing films ever made.
1.0 Deeply scary and strange.
1.0 Essential viewing. Prepare to be disturbed.
1.0 Its artful ambiguities are immersive. Check in.
0.8 Kubrick doesn't dumb it down or anything, but he's not actively trying to appeal only to film connoisseurs either. If any of his movies could be called mainstream, it's this one.
1.0 The Shining is an intense and not always ingratiating experience, a natural bookend to 2001...
0.75 As a ghost story and adaptation of the Stephen King novel, it's largely a failure. On the other hand, as an example of directorial bravura and as a study of madness and the unreliable narrator, it's a brilliant success.
1.0 The Shining met the fate of several other Stanley Kubrick films when it came out; most viewers did not like it, so they rejected it. Most importantly, they did not understand it in any way which allowed them to deal with it constructively.
1.0 It's the experience more so than the actual content of The Shining that radiates cold, anti-humanly indifferent terror.
1.0 Ostensibly a haunted house story, it manages to traverse a complex world of incipient madness, spectral murder and supernatural visions... and also makes you jump.
1.0 The movie is not about ghosts but about madness and the energies it sets loose in an isolated situation primed to magnify them.
1.0 With remarkable visual panache and a keen sense of irony, Stanley Kubrick rehabilitates Stephen King's trashy, terrifying novel.
1.0 Kubrick's use of space and the eerie steadycam have never been put to better use.
1.0 Kubrick's spellbinding 1980 horror epic is one of the true masterpieces to come out of the genre. And Nicholson's descent into unbridled insanity is simply unforgettable.
0.625 "Here's Johnny!" ... Kubrick's grandiose Jack-in-a-box shocker is a fright, but it's hardly up to his earlier brilliance.
1.0 Regardless of how you read the film, there's little denying that it's a masterful work.
0.8 An immortal classic.
0.4 One of Kubrick's most severely overcooked, overdetermined projects; Duvall fascinates, but the rest bores and wearies.
1.0 Among a handful of the scariest movies ever made.
1.0 The beauty of Kubrick's film is the ambiguity of it all . . . will leave the gears turning long after the credits stop.
0.875 Though it could have been edited tighter, The Shining is still a great film.
0.4 The trappings are brilliant, but Kubrick ultimately loses the essence of the source material - and he's too good to expect anything less.
0.8 Among that rare class of adaptations: it is as good as or better than the source material.
0.9 A mysterious, haunting, visual experience.
0.8 Boy will it chill your blood.
0.8 By the second hour all hell breaks loose, and in the last few minutes it's sheer terror.
1.0 A deliberately paced, but endlessly creepy, horrifying motion picture.
0.9 Strays from the source material, but still a creepy classic.
1.0 Kubrick's showcase of abilities, both with the camera and his characters, are incomparably haunting.
0.7 Not Kubrick's greatest work (let's be honest: entire sections of this film make no sense at all), but hey, it's creepy as hell.
0.9 Chilling, majestic piece of cinematic fright.
0.875 One of the scariest films I've ever seen. And I'm not easily scared.
0.6 This slapdash but endearing doc about the rise, fall and resurrection of '80s pop outfit Spandau Ballet is an inside job, packed with strong archive footage yet lacking anything you'd call truly incisive.
0.75 Standard issue band history doc, but it smartly finds depth in a particularly shallow era in pop.
0.625 The band wasn't that great. Neither is the movie, which, if directed with a bit more sensitivity toward the latent comedy, could have been hilarious.
0.7 The advantage to Hencken's approach is that it makes Soul Boys Of The Western World play like a movie version of a printed oral history.
0.6 [Soul Boys] does a fantastic job explaining the youth movement that birthed the New Romantic genre.
0.8 [Hencken] makes a very persuasive case for Spandau Ballet's place in the Britpop pantheon.
0.6 This trawl through the band's history has enough guile and guts to keep you watching.
0.8 The salad days thrill; after the rush has gone, the comedown is surprisingly moving.
0.6 Only deep-seated musical snobbery would hinder enjoyment of this definitive, authorised, fastidious,and perhaps overlong telling of the Spandau Ballet story ...
0.4 Fans of the band will undoubtedly love the package, which puts the group front and centre.
0.8 A funny, absorbing, trivia-filled portrait of friendship, the '80s music biz and bad hair.
0.6 An engrossing documentary about a compassionate doctor trying to make a difference in Afghanistan which has the second highest maternal and infant mortality rates in the world.
0.625 A peculiar and oddly haunting achievement.
0.5 Bizarre, unpredictable yet strangely alluring.
0.5 The fear is comical; the loathing almost nonexistent.
0.8 Certainly uneven at times, but Terry Gilliam's surreal mood piece paints a vivid, splashy picture of gonzo journalist Hunter S. Thompson.
0.9 A beautiful cinematic showcase for Thompson at the peak of his writing skills.
0.75 It may start off as a lighthearted, excess-filled, party-road-trip movie, but Depp is reigned in a little towards the end as his character (a stand-in for Thompson) poetically bemoans the sad failure of the late-60s ideals and values.
0.87 ...he first hour of the film is as successful as anything I've ever seen or read at conveying how the world looks to the drugged.
1.0 Years from now, it will be reappraised as a misunderstood masterpiece. Well, this is one American critic who's not waiting until years from now.
0.5 Unlike Trainspotting, Fear and Loathing doesn't shock or fascinate. It simply disgusts and repels.
0.61 If Gilliam was intending to create a film that would disgust, disorient and eventually irritate, then this one's a bona-fide masterpiece - but don't expect me to sit through it ever again.
0.625 ...has an incongruous, stream-of-consciousness tang that requires just the right mood to enjoy.
1.0 Fellini's movies work on this level, reveling in their carnival atmosphere while at the same time critiquing them.
0.5 While entertaining early on, these drug-induced trips become increasingly repetitive as the story progresses.
1.0 We get a ringside seat for how meaningless and cruel the real world is.
0.625 It's not pretty, but it's no accident either.
0.875 This is one awesome flick, often hilarious and always visually stunning.
0.5 It's really a series of sketches on one theme.
0.5 Depp takes what starts as an almost unwatchably bad movie and manages to make it kind of fascinating.
1.0 A triumph of direction over plot, imagination over treatment, and conception over realism.
0.7 The movie is clearly intriguing in ways it may not have intended.
0.625 The film doesn't have a strong point, but it tells it vividly and with an intense visual flair.
0.6 Visually incredible and blessed with great performances from Depp and Del Toro, this is destined for cult classic status - but the plot and symbolism are less impressive.
0.6 What the movie lacks in plot it makes up for in irony.
0.7 This movie relies heavily on style and peculiar humour, rather than substance or plot.
0.8 They set out to do a straight adaptation of the book, and they did--and go figure, it worked.
0.5 The movie is really just one scene after other, giving the impression that each tableau could form the basis of a separate narrative, but the images just do not gel as segments of a 128-minute work.
0.0 This movie inspires no fear in me, but loathing? Yes. Oh yes.
0.125 This big-screen adaptation of the 1971 cult classic is a sure candidate for many worst ten film lists.
0.6 It's a scattershot rendering of a scattershot story told with scattershot effectiveness.
0.875 One of the most faithful film adaptations not only in terms of substance, but also style.
0.25 If you encountered characters like this on an elevator, you'd push a button and get off at the next floor. Here the elevator is trapped between floors for 128 minutes.
0.5 Darn funny, but those moments of seemingly-inspired humor are more than offset by the rest of the movie, which is nearly unwatchable.
0.75 Fans don't stop Pacino on the street for his Michael Corleone role in the 'Godfather' movies. They yell, 'Tony! Tony Montana!
0.75 Uniformly hilarious and entertaining.
0.5 In his investigation of the legend that Jesus survived crucifixion, married Mary Magdalene and fathered children who married French royalty, British director Bruce Burgess claims to present new evidence--including the mummified body of Mary Magdalene.
0.375 Tedious.
0.3 Daft documentary [is] both exhausting and exasperating.
0.25 If you're a conspiracy buff who believes The Da Vinci Code, and who wants further proof that Jesus was just a man, then have I got a flick for you.
0.625 As purportedly nonfictional cinema, Bloodline poses an implicit dilemma to viewers and critics: How do we know if what we're watching is real?
0.7 Taking up where "The Da Vinci Code" left off, this enthralling documentary inflames the imagination and pushes the envelope of controversy.
0.5 The sensationalistic documentary Bloodline explores the supposition that there exists a lineage traceable to Jesus and Mary Magdalene.
0.5 Here lies hoax and charlatanism, but if Burgess' discovery turns into a proven revelation, his documentary should turn into a runaway hit and my rating turns Fresh!
0.1 As non-fiction filmmaking goes, this work is a complete disaster.
0.5 really a scattershot documentary going for breadth rather than depth in economic issues.
0.625 A vanity project, sure. But Hart is one painfully funny little dude.
0.5 Hart is the comic equivalent of a journeyman musician with a lot of clever licks and one good trick. Once you've seen it, you have little appetite for more.
0.6 Compact comic Kevin Hart completed a wildly successful 90-city tour this year and he's got the movie to prove it.
0.4 The problem with paying big-screen prices for a stand-up special is that you really have to like the comic to feel you're getting your money's worth.
0.75 Thankfully, Kevin Hart's Laugh at My Pain lives up to only half of its title: it is certainly all about the laughs.
0.7 A couple of adornments - one before the concert footage, one after - flesh out this funny, profanity-heavy movie nicely.
0.5 Brace yourself to laugh as much at the irreverent funnyman's profane language as at his pain!
0.4 Pandora's Promise gives up enough information to tease the curiosity of doubting individuals but unfortunately as a piece of subversive, cogent filmmaking - it's a box of empty promises.
0.7 It's a shame so few people see documentaries, and that so few politicians pay them any attention, because this film has the power to change the way we think about nuclear energy.
0.8 Robert Stone's fascinating documentary makes a convincing case for a nuclear future.
0.6 Thoroughly engaging thanks to its strong editing and startling facts, but the film feels a little conceited thanks to its one-sided argument.
0.4 Like so many campaigning docs this is much more interested in throwing darts at the other guys than giving us a balanced film.
0.6 The director paints a partisan picture, but offers an eloquent and effective challenge to orthodox eco-wisdom.
0.6 This documentary, from Robert Stone, sets out to think the unthinkable and ask the unaskable: should we learn to stop worrying and love nuclear energy?
0.7 An A-grade exercise in myth-busting...Consciously counter-intuitive, Pandora's Promise is a challenging, sober film that provides much food for thought as it dares to de-demonise nuclear power.
0.5 The film's blatantly one-sided presentation undercuts the pro-nuclear argument more than any counterargument.
0.5 The film's tone is boosterish, and the cursory treatment of the cost of a nuclear-based energy overhaul, or the viability of renewable energy, tends to arouse skepticism rather than allay it.
0.5 There's not much in the way of balance in this often bone-dry documentary about the bum rap nuclear power has gotten thanks to misinformed, if well-meaning, environmentalists and energy experts.
0.6 Pandora's Promise is a fascinating documentary about nuclear power that argues it is the true green energy. It would be hard to imagine a film more controversial than this one.
0.6 Sure, it's a little one-sided, but so are most environmental films...Whether Stone sways you or not, you can afford to give 90 minutes toward setting the balance right.
0.625 The result is a thoughtful documentary whose facts and figures have been compromised by Stone's one-sided approach.
0.625 In the end, its somewhat equivocal message - that nuclear power might just be the lesser of several evils - is more convincing than you'd think.
0.4 Unfortunately, too many people confuse convincingly expressed belief with actual evidence about the true state of the world, and that's what Stone is banking on.
0.75 Like many advocacy documentaries, it offers a one-sided argument. This time, however, it's advanced by people who spent much of their lives on the opposite side.
0.625 Its marshaling of the facts is one-sided, leaving many questions, and considerable scientific evidence, unexplored.
0.5 The lack of opposing voices diminishes the film, even as Stone raises issues that shouldn't be discounted out of hand.
0.625 Robert Stone's documentary contends that the only feasible answer is nuclear power.
0.75 It's a thought-provoker.
0.5 Without telling us about the producers or introducing us to more sources, it can't contribute enough to an honest debate.
0.625 A one-sided argument to a debate worth revisiting.
1.0 Rethinking Nuclear Energy
0.4 You need to make an argument. A parade of like-minded nuclear-power advocates who assure us that everything will be all right just doesn't cut it.
0.4 In its attempts to debunk the feasibility of massive energy reduction, Pandora's Promise at least brings some measure of rhetorical skill to its arguments.
0.6 One to warm your cockles.
0.4 I Am Big Bird, is a must if you want to listen to 90 minutes of bland platitudes about the "genius" of a man who dresses as a giant yellow bird for a living.
0.6 A charming insight into the life and art of Caroll Spinney, the puppeteer who has played Big Bird on Sesame Street since it was launched in 1969.
0.6 In an era when so many celebrities from our childhoods have turned out to have feet of clay or worse, it's tremendously reassuring to find out that Spinney is just the sort of kind-hearted sweetheart you'd expect ...
0.4 This is a story that belongs on the small screen. It simply isn't interesting enough to hold the attention for 90 minutes.
0.6 This sweet if superfluous doc shows that Spinney is Big Bird, a tireless performer who refuses to retire.
0.4 The problem with I Am Big Bird is simply that Spinney's story may be heartwarming but it entirely lacks drama.
0.6 An affectionate portrait of a big-hearted man and a fitting testament to the enduring appeal of Sesame Street.
1.0 It coalesces into a highly entertaining, surprise-packed and enjoyably nostalgic experience.
0.8 For a portrait of cinematic obsession and unbridled megalomania... one would be hard pressed to find a more satisfying piece of work than Hearts of Darkness
0.875 It does a good job of painting an honest portrait of out-of-control egos and the excess of Hollywood in the '70s, while also being informative and entertaining.
1.0 We come away from the documentary with a profound admiration for Coppola, if only because he didn't kill himself or someone else.
1.0 A phenomenal documentary about one of the most notorious film shoots of all time.
1.0 One of the best documentaries ever made, more fascinating an exploration of obsession than the film it's about.
0.8 There have been few sharper portraits of the film maker as alchemist than Hearts of Darkness: A Film Maker's Apocalypse.
0.8 Hearts of Darkness gives a privileged glimpse of the artist's hell, but it also says something about grace.
0.875 The making of a film has never been documented with more penetration and truth than in Hearts of Darkness: A Filmmaker's Apocalypse.
0.6 Boxing docu glorifies Pacquiao but skims the surface.
0.5 A narrow and borderline fawning hagiography that will no doubt find great favor among his fan base, while inspiring shrugs of indifference from those less invested in his tale.
0.2 Only a fool would say it to his face, but eight-time divisional boxing champ Manny (Pacman) Pacquiao has a limp swing as a documentary subject.
0.75 It's nothing groundbreaking as a sports doc, but Pacquiao's warm personality and amazing story make it a pretty great one.
0.4 Manny stays entirely on the surface of Pacquiao's life and of a sport that's rife with dirty dealing and chicanery.
0.5 An informative, if largely deferent, biographical documentary that tritely explains the ascendancy of Filipino boxer Manny Pacquiao.
0.6 Not as compelling as You've Been Trumped, nor as gripping as Fire In The Night or The Great Hip Hop Hoax, but a welcome continuation of the recent resurgence in Scottish documentary filmmaking.
0.625 The shorter shorts are less impactful if occasionally diverting.
1.0 A present-tense record of nation-splitting turmoil, Patricio Guzman's monumental documentary The Battle of Chile remains a landmark of activist cinema.
0.7 A smart documentary that takes sides in the death penalty debate but never shies away from the horrendous crimes at the center of the story.
0.75 Herzog is empathetic and non-judgmental, even as his interview subjects try to rationalize their lives, declare their innocence and the like.
1.0 This is humane, fascinating documentary filmmaking that is willing to confront insurmountable issues. And as is the case with most true crime material: truth is stranger than fiction.
0.9 Herzog's engrossing examination of a real life triple murder demonstrates that evil doesn't reside only on death row.
0.8 It is a film full of despair, but it's also compelling, and Herzog's interview with a death-row groupie towards the end of the film provides a horribly grim punchline.
0.6 The film trawls the bottomless depth of hopeless criminals as much as it examines the "correctional" system.
0.8 Compulsive.
0.8 A powerful, poignant film.
0.8 [Forces] viewers to face complex questions about society, justice and the sanctity of life.
0.6 It's a decent film, though I felt that a clearer, sharper light could have been cast on the defendants themselves.
0.4 The extensive use of lurid crime scene videos and subtitles set in a naff typewriter font sit uneasily with the director's opposition to capital punishment.
1.0 When Tolstoy said all unhappy families are unhappy in their own ways, perhaps he was thinking of Texas. But even he reckoned without the rich, extraordinary complexities of unhappiness chronicled in Herzog's film.
0.8 Moving and thought-provoking in equal measure. A Herzog doc of the highest order.
0.8 Offers a convincing and depressing critique of capital punishment in the US while somehow managing to find a glimmer of hope in what Herzog calls the urgency of life.
0.8 The result is gripping, moving and revelatory, an unabashed if implicit critique of the death penalty.
0.875 Less a polemic than a sombre sifting-through of the collateral damage that collects in concentric circles around an execution.
0.8 Herzog's tapestry testifies to life's light from death's darkness.
0.8 Yet another intriguing and surprising film from this ever-fascinating documentarian.
0.8 A haunting portrayal of people who are neither completely innocent nor wholly evil, and the terrible price of killing, whether in the pursuit of a sports car or in the name of justice.
0.4 I doubt anyone would give Into the Abyss a second look were it not directed by Werner Herzog.
0.875 An eerie, unsettling and slightly macabre attempt to understand the how and why of three senseless murders in 2001 in Texas.
0.75 The most memorable image here is the lethal-injection gurney. With its crossbar for the outstretched arms of doomed prisoners, it resembles a padded crucifix -- a ghastly and inelegant parody of a symbol of Christian comfort.
0.87 [Herzog] simply means to show us things as they are - and in this corner of Texas, just north of Houston, things are undeniably violent. And mean.
0.8 Into the Abyss makes Herzog's point powerfully, without descending to the level of polemic.
0.6 Unlike, say, Errol Morris in The Thin Blue Line, Herzog isn't seeking to exonerate anyone or introduce new evidence. He's just there, observing the process as it rolls forward and wondering why.
0.75 Herzog is pursuing no agenda with Into the Abyss, despite his opposition to extreme judicial measures. He's seeking to answer the question of why people kill, especially in a situation such as this where the reason for the murders was so meaningless.
0.85 Herzog unforgettably shows how when you pull tight the straps on men who've lain down to die, it leaves a mark.
0.875 The overriding point of Into the Abyss, what keeps this sad, sorrowful film from becoming depressing and elevates it far above the usual chatter of liberal-conservative debate, is that there can be light on the other end of even the darkest of tunnels.
0.6 Herzog asks, in that probing yet gentle, meditative voice we've come to cherish, "What does it mean?" Oh, Werner. We don't ask such things in 'Merica.
1.0 "Into the Abyss" makes a strong case for the inhumanity of capital punishment, regardless of the crime or the criminal.
0.75 The interviews that make up the balance of the film yield plenty of oddities of modern American life.
0.5 Herzog is an eloquent interviewer/documentarian. Yet his technically flawless film leaves you reeling emotionally even as you wonder why, and why now, he's turned his lens on the American way of crime and punishment.
0.9 Presented with a humanist respect for the people in the movie that is both rare and heart-wrenching.
0.75 It's an uneven movie, but a heartfelt and honest one.
0.8 Herzog takes a startlingly clear-eyed look at crime and capital punishment in Texas. . . He just seeks to shine a light on the facts for the viewer to soberly decide.
0.875 An inquiry into fundamental moral, philosophical, and religious issues, and an examination of humankind's capacity for violence - individual and institutional.
0.875 A disturbing profile of a rural Texas community where disintegrated families produce a culture dominated by substance abuse, violence, illiteracy and other problems.
0.625 Watching Into the Abyss, I had the overwhelming sense that, somewhere along the way, Werner Herzog lost his way.
0.75 It's like a TV crime reality show made by an alien.
0.938 Powerful and profoundly moving. You'll never look at the death penalty the same way again.
1.0 Easily one of the best documentaries of the year, this riveting, haunting piece of work fits perfectly into Herzog's resume as one of our most important living filmmakers.
1.0 A film that will make anyone who sees it actually sit and contemplate their position at length, regardless of their current stance on the subject.
0.875 The subject matter in Into the Abyss is harrowing stuff, and though Herzog has never shied away from harrowing, he also presents it with respect and curiosity, making it easily palatable.
0.25 What could have been a well-aimed examination of the most troubling contradictions of capital punishment instead becomes a maudlin, unrestrained wallow.
0.875 Werner Herzog looks at the death penalty in "Into the Abyss," and as is almost always the case, to look through his eyes is to marvel.
0.75 The film demonstrates Werner Herzog's unparalleled knack for drawing out the harmony and discord in nature.
0.75 Herzog might have an opinion, but he does not take a side.
0.6 Any subject Werner Herzog wants to explore is surely worthy of our interest. And his latest documentary is a characteristically insightful study of human nature.
0.75 Not since Errol Morris' masterwork of investigative documentary, "The Thin Blue Line," has a filmmaker had such an easy time of making the death penalty-crazed state of Texas look quite so casually venal.
0.75 "Into the Abyss," like Werner Herzog's other recent documentaries, demonstrates that he is a gifted filmmaker and an abominable interviewer.
0.8 The paradox of this film is that it is both unremittingly bleak and rigorously humane.
0.5 What is missing is something new - clarity, insight, outrage. Instead, its understatement is ultimately its undoing.
0.8 A documentary on capital punishment filled with small and humble human touches.
0.875 The movie's an "In Cold Blood'' with a patient, persistent German interlocutor instead of Truman Capote turning cartwheels in prose.
0.8 unlike any documentary you've ever seen, especially on such an incendiary subject
0.6 Upfront in its opposition to the death penalty on moral grounds, but ... never strident or manipulative.
0.75 It's life's mysteries concerning truth, death and rehabilitation, Herzog posits, that render the death penalty unjust.
1.0 I've long felt Herzog's personality is compelling and penetrating, and in evidence I could offer this film about Texans who are so different from the West German director.
0.9 An outlandish, compassionate and, at times, improbably buoyant film about life's capacity for grief and horror and about how it bubbles on miraculously in the face of such things.
0.875 Regardless of your own stance on the death penalty, it's impossible not to be shaken by the senseless loss depicted in "Into the Abyss," the overwhelming sadness, but also the possibility of spiritual redemption.
0.875 Abyss evokes an abhorrence of murder, whether perpetrated by ignorant teenagers or by the state of Texas.
0.8 Into the Abyss is too self-admiring of its own loose ends to come to the indictment that would put it in the company of The Thin Blue Line, but these personalities stay in your head-which is the whole point.
0.875 Werner Herzog's tale of death and life is thoroughly shaped by his humanist passion and attention to emotional details.
0.9 Into the Abyss is a transcendent, tragic-comic masterpiece.
0.8 Herzog is so unendingly sincere he's able to press emotional buttons that your average documentarist just wouldn't get away with.
0.6 If ever a documentary needed Michael Moore's ability to debunk the rich and powerful in his inimitable sardonic style, it's here.
0.8 It is a splenetic, satiric attack on the formidable PR forces, spurious thinktanks and talking heads being mobilised in the US to attack the idea of man-made global warming.
0.2 If you like being hectored, preached at and told you're wrong, then this is the film for you.
0.6 Craig Scott Rosebraugh delivers an informative if somewhat self-satisfied expose of climate change deniers, explaining exactly where they get their funding from and how they are determined to dupe the public despite the devastating consequences.
0.8 This film is an awful warning and awful fun at one and the same time.
0.4 A fiery doc that undermines itself with pub-bore polemics.
0.8 ... thorough in its revelations, and thoroughly depressing on how the world has been thwarted in this important attempt to heal itself. The film is intent on putting on notice all the "guilty" parties that deny the dangers of climate change...
0.5 ...tragically falters whenever director Craig Scott Rosebraugh inserts himself into the proceedings and allows his personal ax grinding to overtake journalistic impartiality.
0.6 The title says it all.
0.75 An entertaining expose of the industry-paid deniers and how they continue to muddle the climate-change "debate."
0.625 As much as it hopes to incite outrage and to stir a complacent body politic into action, [it] never quite rises to the level of urgency the subject requires.
0.775 Provocative, vital and enraging. It goes further than An Inconvenient Truth.
0.75 A blistering attack on politicians, propagandists, dissemblers and other climate-change deniers.
0.4 Rosebraugh's arguments are sound and his heart is in the right place, but his execution is self-defeating.
0.75 Filmmaker Craig Scott Rosebraugh seems to take a kind of perverse glee in hauling out the worst offenders among what he calls the climate change deniers for public shaming.
0.25 What's next, "Big Oil Is Full of Meanies"?
0.5 The film's structural flaws appear to stem from the lack of access to oil industry titans and the other usual suspects. (To be fair, the filmmakers tried.)
0.7 Collated for momentum, the film's many interviews, wide-ranging archival footage and montage of modern ecological disasters form a blunt but carefully positioned instrument.
0.6 Craig Rosebraugh is clearly out to take no prisoners in his timely documentary tracking the politics, inconvenient truths and alternative "realities" of the endless global warming debate.
0.6 In Rosebraugh's uncompromising hands, it plays out like a strident screed for those already burning with righteous indignation.
0.25 A grab bag of environmentally related talking points that never quite congeals into an argument, let alone a prescription.
0.75 Condensed and to the point, the film gets its message out and includes a three-step guide on how to get involved.
0.75 What Craig Scott Rosebraugh's film lacks in originality, it makes up for in comprehensiveness.
0.75 If "An Inconvenient Truth" had been made by Michael Moore, it'd look and sound like this.
0.75 At times, "She's Beautiful When She's Angry" seems like a checklist of all the things women had to fight for. But it's a long list, and one that still faces women today.
0.7 Although much of that archival footage is incredibly familiar after decades of exposure - the burning bras, the clever protest signs, the impassioned speeches, Gloria Steinem - it's the footage of the opposition that really shocks.
0.875 Director Mary Dore isn't much of a dramatic storyteller in her documentary She's Beautiful When She's Angry, but she presents a straightforward report on the rise of American feminism so passionately that it achieves a sense of giddy triumph.
0.875 A superbly researched and edited documentary about the women's movement in the 1960s.
0.4 Intermittently interesting and occasionally compelling history of the feminist movement's early days.
0.75 Dore made the movie to counter the lack of films about the women's movement -- a fine idea, nicely realized.
0.75 Clearly fascinated with the era, its literature, its sit-ins and its ethos, Dore respects the film's still-passionate veterans, while noting some missed goals and flawed efforts to express their aims.
0.625 "She's Beautiful When She's Angry" doesn't break much formal ground. But it serves as a moving reminder of how crucial citizen action is in fomenting social change.
1.0 It's a useful documentary, and it needed to be made now.
0.75 A few awkward re-enactments mar the effect, but they're over quickly, while the narrators' voices and plentiful historical footage create a rich mosaic.
0.6 A somewhat less than successful film.
0.8 Jimmy Carter Man From Plains is a genuinely inspiring, well-made documentary that is well worth seeking out.
0.6 This is a man it is impossible not to like, even if you think he was a weakish one-term commander-in-chief. At least he was not Nixon or Bush Jr.
0.6 A heartening example of a reputation deservedly rehabilitated.
0.8 Jimmy Carter may not be the most memorable ex-White House resident, but his post-presidency record as a battler for humanitarian causes takes some beating.
0.8 Carter is more energetic than Demme's film that fires on all cylinders only when Carter calmly but persuasively faces down his critics or recounts his time as the most powerful man on Earth.
0.8 Demme's fascinating documentary shows Carter on a US tour to promote the book. Perhaps Carter - and Demme himself - imagined this would be as trouble-free as Al Gore promoting environmentalism.
0.8 Jimmy Carter Man from Plains is an affectionate and admiring portrait of a politician who, like Al Gore, became more idealistic and effective on the world stage once he left office.
0.9 A great, misunderstood man forms the basis of a fine, easily misinterpreted documentary.
0.666666666667 Demme is clearly a Carter enthusiast, and his film paints a vivid, involving picture of an informed and passionate man whose impact is still being felt worldwide.
0.8 You want to learn how to compose yourself in public? Watch this movie.
1.0 Bio-Pic basically defends President Carter's controversial stance on Israel.
0.875 While there's little doubt that Man From Plains amounts to hagiography on Demme's part, it's also surprisingly gripping viewing for over two hours.
0.6 An intriguing historical document, not attempting a completist portrait of Carter but rather a series of candids.
0.84 a reasonably benign picture of Carter begins to develop - he's more likable for his moments of pettiness and pique.
0.75 Demme says he entered the project expecting 'fireworks,' and he gets them time and again...
0.8 It won't utterly rewrite Carter's history, and it won't convert anybody in this divided country, but Man from Plains will remind us that principle, humility and intelligence have a place in image-is-everything American politics.
0.8 Jonathan Demme's inspiring documentary portrait of Carter, touches on many of the kaleidoscopic variations of the Carter character by observing him in both casual and formal wear.
0.75 Few presidents bow out with as much grace and class
0.75 The talk may be a little wonkish for some, but for political junkies, the chance to listen to Carter's still-relevant thoughts is something to savor.
0.5 You're better off reading his books.
0.5 Man From Plains is ho-hum and uninvolving, which is a surprise, considering the seeming wealth of material.
0.75 Whether you're of the opinion that Carter is a misguided meddler or a worthy Nobel Peace Prize-winner (he won the award in 2002), Jonathan Demme's new documentary about the 39th president will provide you with plenty of ammunition.
0.75 From the open-air stroll he took down Pennsylvania Ave. on his inauguration day, to the sunny-coloured cardigans he wore when addressing the nation, president James T. Carter always seemed like a guy who wanted people to remember he was one of them.
0.8 Insightful - exploring the kind of impact a former President can have after leaving the Oval Office.
0.75 Jimmy Carter Man From Plains shows a relatively unvarnished portrait of a man who's not afraid to take on his critics.
0.75 Buried in this messy tribute is a neat story of a man who even in his advanced years remains socially and geo-politically relevant.
0.875 An intriguing document of a man's public and private life and has yet further value as the first significant film ever made about a former U.S. president.
0.75 One reason to see this film might be to learn more about [Carter's] views on the Middle East, but a better reason might be to observe how he attends to the privilege and responsibility of doing what he believes is the right thing.
0.75 The movie's best material is archival. It looks like old home movie stuff, but you can still feel its monumentality.
0.5 Carter comes off as compassionate and intelligent. But the complex issues brought up in his book don't get much more than a superficial debate.
0.8 An inspiring documentary about former President Jimmy Carter's book tour for 'Palestine: Peace Not Apartheid' where he puts on display his political wisdom, his Christian faith-based service, and his emotional literacy.
0.1 While it is probably apocryphal that Carter was the model for the role of the delusional Lars in the film "Lars and the Real Girl," the resemblance is astonishing.
0.75 Intriguing examination of a complex and dedicated public servant.
0.625 The minutiae of Carter's book tour isn't always enthralling, but his personality drives the film: pious, stubborn, devoted to his wife, curious, professional, warm and yet slightly removed from the fray, conciliatory, meticulous, self-effacing, funny.
0.5 Every so often, though, Demme decides to make a documentary about something he not only knows but admires. And the results are admittedly intimate, but so uncritical that they amount to two-dimensional portraits, all shadows bleached away.
0.875 Demme is clearly awed by his subject, and his film is a stirring document about how one man's steadfast sense of justice can make a difference in the world.
0.25 There isn't enough revealing material in the tedious documentary Jimmy Carter Man From Plains to sustain an 800-word magazine profile, let alone a two-hour film.
0.625 Leaves too much time for Demme as he turns an interesting character study into a full-blown tribute.
0.4 Narrrowly cast documentary focuses so exclusively on a publicity tour the former president took in the closing months of 2006 that a more accurate title might be Jimmy Carter How I Sold My Book.
0.5 Jimmy Carter isn't a real saint, but he plays one in Jimmy Carter Man From Plains.
0.7 It's downright invigorating to spend time with an American President who has a clear grasp of international issues.
0.875 As much a pungent dissection of American media malaise as it is a towering tribute to a deceptively low-burning leader.
0.333333333333 Though Carter's controversial reference to past injustices is meant to spark conversation about an ongoing problem in the West Bank, the director's decision to focus solely on the minutiae of a press tour seems too narrow.
0.8 Anyone interested in politics and the conflict in the Mid-East should be able to enjoy this fascinating and informative portrait of a former president.
0.75 Jonathan Demme's Jimmy Carter Man From Plains, like Neil Young: Heart of Gold and The Agronomist, is a poignant portrait of a great man.
0.875 Demme subtly portrays Carter's love affair with wife Rosalynn, and succeeds where Carter's book failed -- expertly and objectively making a movie that is provocative without being divisive.
0.7 It's said that one must suffer to be beautiful. Thrilling in places, self-indulgent in others, Saint Laurent strongly suggests that one must suffer to make others beautiful.
0.5 No matter how much Bertrand Bonello varies his split screens, triptychs, and geometric screen divisions, he forgets that one of the most fashionable virtues is knowing when to leave.
0.75 [Bonello's] version is audacious and a bit snarky, delving into the designer's 1970s excesses without restraint ... Names are dropped ... and so are the pants.
0.4 For all its visual fizz, Bonello's film tells us nothing about the designer, save the usual pompous/concessive hero-worship.
0.4 As macho and phallus-worshipping as any Schwarzenegger action movie.
0.85 We can never have too many scenes of half-naked beautiful people spaced out in slo-mo to Giorgio Morodor-like music.
0.6 Chang examines the historical and spiritual significance of fruit and environmental concerns that affect sustainable crops...the personalities that emerge are fascinating.
0.625 More of a buffet spread than a single plate. But every morsel is worth a taste.
0.6 The freer and more sophisticated approach of Divine Intervention makes these traditional-minded documentaries look somewhat stodgy and old-fashioned by comparison, but both have a value as reportage.
0.75 An important look at the hell-hole known as Gaza and how the political situation makes the lives of its inhabitants even worse.
0.5 This is a film overflowing with passion and compassion but often lacking the intellectual detachment necessary to distill conviction into a rigorous argument.
0.625 Jo-Anne McArthur's cause draws sharp comparisons with the never-mentioned PETA, a seemingly insignificant omission that discloses a lingering problem of willful insularity.
0.5 The Ghosts in Our Machine is a starting point, and a missed opportunity.
0.7 Baffling.
0.9 Director/co-writer (along with Joel Rasmussen) wisely lets the artists and former managers (interviews with the leaders of the money-machine corporations are noticeably absent) do the talking in his first-rate essay on the current state of pop music in
0.5 The music industry kicks itself in the butt and vows to go straight as the founding fathers and mothers of rock decry the greed and falsehood that has suddenly crept into pop music.
0.2 There's not a single argument here that's presented well.
0.9 Finally and at long last comes a documentary that asks the question "Why does modern music SUCK SO MUCH?"
0.6 I'd have preferred Laperrousaz to give more information about the music's history. And fans will probably find the film's performance clips annoyingly short.
0.4 Shapeless in form but with the characters and talent on display, this is hardly important.
0.6 Diffuse, but worthwhile.
0.4 Some great performances and a raw taste of life on the streets of Jamaica, but too ragged and rambling to explain why this music matters.
0.6 Unselfconsciously celebratory about a culture teeming with energy and semi-absorbed influences.
0.4 I found it hard to warm to this overlong documentary about new trends in reggae, perhaps because of the sense that all the less savoury aspects of that culture were being softballed.
0.6 The haphazard structure chafes against its gritty aspirations.
0.7 In a move that will either see it written off as lazy or celebrated for its admirable neutrality, Made in Jamaica doesn't provide a straight answer.
0.7 The biggest flaw here is that, despite its excellent music and infectious energy, Lapperrousaz's documentary feels as though it is constantly skating across the top of much bigger issues that you wish he'd investigate.
0.6 The consistently stellar appearances by everyone from Bunny Wailer to Bounty Killer give Laperousaz's movie the same restless and sometimes reckless vitality that has always energized Jamaican music.
0.75 A worthy look at a music born though turmoil with a vision that still resonates globally.
0.6 Made in Jamaica has some charming interludes.
0.5 An affectionate if largely unsatisfying exploration of the musical genre's evolution.
0.8 Einstein works as both fascinating biography and entertaining education.
0.7 ...an impressive example of a highly idealistic nonfiction film.
0.6 An edifying 1983 documentary about the yearning for freedom by the persecuted and downtrodden Mayan peasants of Guatemala.
0.7 The moment could not be any timelier for this movie.
0.8 The depiction of moral imperialism is frightening and infuriating.
0.75 God Loves Uganda charts the rise in persecution and intolerance in the African nation as America's Christian right takes its anti-gay fight to new territory.
0.75 Watching this film will leave you with some dispiriting questions about America and its values.
0.75 You'd never guess the subject matter of "God Loves Uganda" from its innocuous-sounding title.
0.8 Credit must go to the filmmakers for presenting this in a fair and balanced way, covering the full story with remarkable restraint.
0.7 Williams' alarm is balanced by his measured observation of a group of twentysomethings from the Kansas City-based International House of Prayer.
0.8 A scary documentary about the efforts of the Christian right to achieve in Uganda what they believe is their God-given right to lead that African nation.
0.7 "God Loves Uganda" approaches this intersection of faith and politics with some fairness and a good deal of outrage.
0.91 On the one hand dark and disturbing, and on the other, almost satirically funny.
0.8 One effective sequence after another...carries the alarming sensation of ideological chaos without resorting to technical trickery.
0.8 Simply but effectively presented, this is a haunting documentary focusing on the power grab behind the human tragedy.
0.8 The most infuriating and sinister documentary in recent memory.
0.7 ...unable to peddle their nonsense in the U.S., the evangelicals have found a ready target in Uganda, an English-speaking and primarily Christian country with a long history of evangelical missionary work...
1.0 Amounts to the most convincing cinematic case yet that unconditional peace ought to be an urgent imperative.
0.75 One of the more balanced portraits of the war -- if for no other reason than it shows what everyday life is like for Muslims and Iraqis since the U.S. invasion began.
0.625 Shiley feels the need to add commentary to moments that speak perfectly well for themselves.
0.5 Shiley, who dedicates his film to all those killed and injured in the war, is a fallible narrator.
0.8 Deirdre Timmons' empowering "A Wink And A Smile" follows ten Seattle women -- a homemaker, doctor, singer, taxidermist, student and others -- as they venture forth to self discovery by learning striptease and integrating the spirit of burlesque into their
0.75 Elegantly shot...and nicely paced, A Wink and a Smile is most appealing in its depiction of the growing camaraderie of the students.
0.25 The movie is an excruciating documentary about ordinary women taking a burlesque class in Seattle.
0.6 What Wink and a Smile lacks in controversy and provocative material it makes up with pro-women themes and humanistic storytelling.
0.4 Just as burlesque loses most of its oomph when put on video -- no art is more dependent on the intimacy of live performance -- self-esteem trips are less compelling to hear about than to experience firsthand.
0.5 self-important
0.5 Timmons shortchanges them by failing to show any of the graduating acts in their entirety. Talk about a strip-tease.
1.0 Hurray to these lovely ladies for summoning up the courage to serve up an evening's worth of genuinely erotic, yet somehow simultaneously wholesome, adult entertainment. But enough is enough. I just pray none of them are tempted to quit their day jobs."
0.6 The characters are as compelling as you will see in anything else. Banksy is his own antihero of the film, and Guetta is fascinating to watch in his obsessive glory.
0.875 Banksy exposes the con-job that is modern art for what it is.
0.71 Just as clever as the work of Sasha Baron Cohen, but not nearly as culturally worthwhile because it is not nearly as politically candid.
0.375 An irritatingly misguided and pointless piece of work...
1.0 Those tricky questions that lie in the chasm between art and commerce are raised naturally through the progression of the narrative, whether that narrative is partially fabricated or not.
0.6 Curious docu about street artists with some strong language.
0.875 The behind-the-scenes insight into the techniques of illegal street art is fascinating, as is the art-market critique..
0.8 Illustrates how our insistence and abilities in judging and evaluating art are often arbitrary, contradictory, and idiotic.
0.9 After all those debates about the meaning of art ... [who] would have thought that the best and most incisive comments on the argument would have come from street-punk Banksy?
0.8 Regardless of its motives, Gift Shop is a superb work, one that demands the audience ask questions that don't always go down easily...
0.8 A strange oxymoron of a film, like a straight-faced Spinal Tap or a Man On Wire for liars.
0.875 The street artist known as Banksy is witty, he's smart, he's subversive -- and he's compelling. So it stands to reason that the street-art doc he ostensibly hijacked would be all those things, too.
0.9 The plain fact is that, on some level, it doesn't matter whether the film is true or not. Either way, it's fascinating. Either way, we learn a lot. Either way, it's a great film.
0.875 A provocative and absorbing exploration of what constitutes art, the creative process and the power of hype to triumph over talent.
1.0 Either way [as documentary or hoax], the movie speaks the truth about the phoniness and self-adulation of the art world %u2014 which makes it not only fascinating but essential.
1.0 The only thing that may keep "Exit Through the Gift Shop" from winning the Oscar next year for best documentary is that it may be totally untrue. Aside from that, it's a shoo-in.
0.7 Exit Through the Gift Shop is an exhilarating and bewildering experience but like the transient art form that it is expressing, that's sort of the point.
0.875 Is Exit Through the Gift Shop a real documentary or an expert hoax? Does it really matter as long as you're laughing and thinking?
0.8 Is Banksy's film the next great thing in documentary filmmaking? Or are we all on the business end of an admittedly pretty good joke? You decide.
0.9 Be it documentary or mockumentary, art of graffiti, there's no denying that Exit Through the Gift Shop is damn good cinema.
0.7 ...offers 90 minutes of pretty good entertainment. The fact that it may well be just one more stunt by an artist known for stunts doesn't detract in the least from the enjoyment.
0.8 It's endlessly arguable and open for debate. At the very least, we can all agree that Banksy has found a new wall on which to plaster his art -- that of the silver screen.
0.75 Is he playing us? You bet. And quite beautifully. What's exquisite about this romp of a film is figuring out just how much of a mug he's making of us.
0.875 As the documentary morphs into a riddle about art in the marketplace, the eyes of the beholder get crossed, and the dizziness is part of the fun.
1.0 Real or manufactured, Banksy's film is a triumphant deconstruction of the commercial bastardization of art.
0.8 It's a cynical statement, but a statement nonetheless.
0.9 Like Banksy's best street work, it pushes and prods our gullibility buttons and sends the mind swirling with questions of artistic authenticity and intent.
0.9 Even if you are not a fan of street art, this documentary will make you both laugh and teach you that original film making is still out there!
0.75 Exit Through the Gift Shop offers an absorbing glimpse of a bracingly subversive slice of the culture, as well as some tantalizing images of Banksy at work.
0.875 Exit Through the Gift Shop is inspiring, subversive and thrilling.
0.875 Exit Through the Gift Shop, credited as "A Banksy Film," poses some bitingly funny questions about the meaning and value of art. Is it in the eye of the beholder? Is it truth plus beauty? Anything you can get away with? Brainwashing?
0.8 Questions abound, but regardless of the verisimilitude of the film, it is highly entertaining.
0.875 The brilliantly untrustworthy documentary Exit Through the Gift Shop reminds us that a film can start out in one direction and then change course so radically, it becomes an act of provocation unto itself.
0.875 The widespread speculation that Exit Through the Gift Shop is a hoax only adds to its fascination.
0.875 This initiates a role reversal in which documentarian becomes artist and vice versa.
1.0 One of the best, most karmically satisfying comedies of the year, much to the chagrin of the people who are in it.
0.75 Appearing hooded and shrouded in silhouette, his voice electronically altered, Banksy allows that his protege's art might be "a bit of a joke." Could the tale of Guetta -- now known as Mr. Brainwash -- be an elaborate hoax? I'm happy not to be sure.
0.9 Here comes a rich smell drawn from a load of bullsh-t.
0.8 Exit could be a new subgenre: the prankumentary.
0.8 With the release of this wild new documentary, "Exit Through the Gift Shop," you have to wonder how much longer Banksy can remain an art-world phantom.
0.75 The picture adapts a provocative conceit, one that melds its formal construction with the ideas at its core.
0.75 Banksy makes an appealing narrator with a deft grasp of the questions raised.
0.75 A documentary on the art world may strike you as a yawn. No worries. You'll be laughing helplessly at this one.
0.8 Highly entertaining.
0.8 It's a colorful cocktail of subversiveness, self-seriousness, wonder, horror and joy.
0.875 We don't learn that much about Banksy, other than he's a lot more meticulous than his street warrior image would suggest.
0.8 The truth is often slippery, although no amount of signage should stop us from seeking it.
0.8 As entertaining as it is hard to believe.
0.921 A wildly entertaining, funny, suspenseful and invigorating documentary regardless of whether you're a fan of street art or not.
0.8 For the more you think about this unusual film, the more fascinating it becomes culturally and sociologically, dealing with notions of mania and obsession, art and commerce, hype and quality.
1.0 That rarest of art documentaries, one that actually leaves viewers with a better sense of the gifted versus the phony. In several senses, Banksy has created a monster.
0.9 A funny and fascinating look at an underground art movement, and how easy it is for someone with questionable amounts of talent to suddenly become a star.
0.75 When it comes to what Exit is selling, buyers beware.
1.0 It's very funny and offers an amusing take-down of the pretentiousness of the art world and the way that it can be corrupted and co-opted by big money.
0.8 It's a great insight into how Banksy and his ilk operate.
0.8 This is a deadpan-rollicking film, helped by fizzy editing and funky visuals.
0.8 This is splendid stuff, directed with verve and humour by Banksy who - aghast at Guetta's artistic triumph -- announces he will never make another art film. Shame.
0.8 Manages to be informative and very funny whilst making a genuine and intriguing point about the commercialisation of street art.
0.8 The film is a rousing tribute to street art, a crafty autobiography and a cheeky comment on the bravado of artists, talented or otherwise, and the gullibility of their punters - us included.
0.8 He could be an important artist or just a silly fad - either way, in the street and with this film, he's providing pleasure while he lasts.
0.6 What's true? What's not? Is it a Banksy fabrication, a knowing stunt satirising the art world? Tellingly, there's no director credit. Whatever the truth, it's an amusing, curious documentary.
1.0 Slick, sharp and fantastically entertaining, this is a film that works not just as a cautionary tale about the pitfalls of helping strangers but also on a deeper level as a crafty meditation on art, its true value and our own gullibility.
0.8 Here I am giving Banksy the ultimate in undesired praise, a favourable review in the Left's most routinely reviled newspaper.
0.6 The sense of intrigue is unmistakable, and fortunately Exit, an odd, enfolded sort of documentary, delivers on all the build-up.
0.8 If art-prankster Banksy's first film is a hoax, as it just might be, it's an extremely complex and clever one. With echoes of the Frankenstein story.
0.6 His film does not mark [Banksy] out as the new Spielberg. Yet it is funny, OK in technique and now and then spicily critical of the art world.
0.6 Every bit as quirky, engaging and rebellious as the artwork it aims to celebrate. Sadly, it also shares graffiti's tendency to be energetic but scattergun and ephemeral.
0.88 makes great sense from a journalist's perspective.
0.75 At the Death House Door is a sobering account of Pickett's gradual evolution from pro-death penalty minister to a man struggling to reconcile his complicated role in those deaths.
0.9 Rarely has the unholy alliance between Church and State been so succinctly delineated than in this detail-rich documentation of the near-daily ritual of purging the glorious state of Texas of its 'worst of the worst'.
0.875 The directors of Hoop Dreams and Stevie turn their documentary lens on capital punishment through the experiences of Rev. Carroll Pickett, the chaplain of Texas' Huntsville Prison, where he ministered to 95 condemned inmates in their final hours.
0.75 a powerful rumination on the death penalty, but perhaps because Rev. Pickett isn't a firebrand, the film is curiously disaffecting.
0.4 There are numerous times when one wishes the camera would remain on one of its many fascinating subjects and tell a more in-depth story.
0.75 An emotionally-engaging film featuring folks truly moved on what many will undoubtedly mark for posterity as the day they were most proud to be an American.
0.6 I've seen the documentary twice now, months apart, and it seemed quite different on a second viewing. Years from now it'll be something else, and years after that, too.
0.5 While Deutchman aimed to make a participatory documentary, the end result is, in the main, an Obamathon of hipsters from Chicago, Austin, and Brooklyn stumping for change and toasting the 44th president.
0.4 The doc feels more padded than the floor mats Streb's gravity-defying dancers bounce off.
0.6 ...stretch[es] the boundaries of expression while examining the limits people go to test themselves physically and emotionally.
0.75 Director Catherine Gund most successfully depicts the visceral impact of Streb's work ...
0.6 Born to Fly is a solid profile of choreographer Elizabeth Streb, but it misses the opportunity to more effectively capture the blunt physicality of her work with the tools of cinema.
0.75 Without minimizing Monroe's crime, the movie becomes a de facto argument in favor of justice tempered with mercy and understanding rather than mandatory and draconian sentencing.
0.8 'Evolution of a Criminal' is a documentary and a provocation, a movie and a bitter truth to swallow.
0.75 Few documentaries are as personal as Darius Clark Monroe's moving "Evolution of a Criminal," in which the filmmaker turns his camera on himself and members of his family to retell a painful story.
0.7 ...as honest and raw a self-portrait as you're likely to get. Monroe doesn't seek pity, but instead presents himself as a cautionary tale.
0.8 Fascinating array of work
0.5 Though essentially a recording of the stage production, this film is still recommended, provided you understand that the thespians are over-enunciating and exaggerating their body movements to engage folks watching in the theater, not on a screen.
0.8 Though it is relentlessly violent and at times difficult to watch, The World Of Kanako possesses a raw momentum that is undeniable.
0.875 Animal lovers and museum-goers alike are sure to enjoy this curiously delightful hour-long documentary from Nicolas Philibert.
0.7 The renovation of the Museum of Natural History in Paris is the subject for this beguiling documentary by Nicolas Philibert.
0.5 The film is mildly diverting, but lacks the humor and pathos that made To Be and to Have so watchable.
0.5 It's just hard not to imagine that it might been better as a shorter 30 For 30 episode focusing on one of the three boxers.
0.4 Uneven and too brief for its brawny subject, Champs fails to be an affecting underdog story or an in-depth look at boxing's many problems.
0.625 It's like a thesis whose next draft would be destined for greatness.
0.6 The historic, socioeconomic, racial and even poetic roots of pugilism are addressed, and celebs and sportwriters weigh in, but often it's the fighters themselves who best sum up the appeal of "the sweet science."
0.4 Directing a critical eye at the sociology and predatory business of boxing, the doc is periodically interesting but also unconvincingly broad.
0.5 Champs eventually snaps into focus, backed by testimony from three of the era's greatest "success" stories, but it parries too much to get there.
0.625 Solid, if entirely too superficial look at the allure and downside of The Fight Game.
0.5 An unfocused mishmash that thrives only when it fixates on footage of actual bouts.
0.7 A well-produced tribute to a complex and often exasperating personality.
0.8 Staccato and compelling, this fast-paced biography recounts some of his views and opinions--writings that alienated people and won supporters.
0.7 A documentary is only as fascinating as its subject, and, love him or hate him (most did the latter), Norman Mailer was one fascinating American.
0.625 Shadows of Liberty asks consumers to look critically at what they are being told, and seek out what they are not.
0.4 Stretched so thin it almost disappears.
0.5 The overall impression is as fleeting as much of the imagery that flashes across the screen.
0.4 Too often, it is no more than a set of flashcards, with no feel for the images other than to note that it's Andorra or Burkina Faso or Tuvalu we're admiring.
0.375 This is a documentary about Godmilow's attempts to make a documentary about the Solidarity movement -- and if that sounds tortuous, wait until you see the movie.
0.9 In the end, like Holbrook's enchanting rhythms on stage, Holbrook/Twain: An American Odysseyexpertly catches the mesmerizing beats of a man who continues to share his life-in the guise of one of America's greatest humorists-with his adoring public.
0.6 What they say is something all of us should take to heart, regardless of that number we refer to as our age.
0.75 A bittersweet documentary that follows three gay men in different parts of the country who feel time and change breathing down their necks.
0.6 These men have lived through a lot, and their continued vivacity is what makes the film around them a rich experience.
0.4 At times it just seems like people you know hamming it up for the camera.
0.6 ...a calm and straightforward documentary [that] looks at the lives of three gay men in their sunset years.
0.625 Zurich-born Stefan Haupt, however, interrupts his rapturous tour of this basilica with lackluster interviews.
0.75 A sometimes pedantic, mostly fascinating documentary about Barcelona's towering cathedral, La Sagrada Familia, which was conceived by Antoni Gaudi in the late 19th century.
0.25 The only mystery here is why, even for architecture geeks, this documentary is duller than watching stucco dry.
0.4 Sagrada plays like a video you might buy at the cathedral gift shop that outlines the history of the project.
1.0 'Rocky Mountain Express' not only shows the Canadian Rockies in all their glory, but it also demonstrates what it's like to ride on The Empress, aka the Canadian Pacific 2816, a restored train from the 1930s.
0.4 The documentary skews to the scholarly side, so likely won't appeal to filmgoers who aren't at least somewhat familiar with James Joyce...
0.8 When you see Marvel happily rubbing shoulders with DC or Star Wars fans chatting to Star Trek fans it makes you proud to be a geek.
0.7 Best suited to those curious about the convention and/or culture - or those who already embrace it and just want to relive the experience before the next 'Con comes.
0.9 That rare documentary that plays to the converted and uninitiated alike.
0.75 You don't need to collect or even care about comic books to enjoy this funny, affection valentine to nerd culture.
0.7 A Fan's Hope is (appropriately) hopeful, likening the attendees whose stories it follows to comic book heroes seeking their own type of redemption.
0.75 A surprisingly tender look at San Diego Comic-Con...
0.75 It's a lot to squeeze into 86 minutes, and Spurlock pulls it all together with infectious brio, making us realize that geeks are people, too, who maybe just dream harder than the rest of us.
0.7 Morgan Spurlock's documentaries are like the gateway drug for people who can get addicted to sitting in front of hours and hours of Frederick Wiseman docs, immersing themselves in very detailed worlds that lack a clear agenda.
0.75 "Comic-Con Episode IV: A Fan's Hope" holds enormous appeal for both the geek audience and the casual viewer.
0.5 There isn't a surprising moment, and it's an affirmation for hard-core fans and pretty much everyone else of William Shatner's immortal exhortation to Trekkies: "Get a life!"
0.625 Rambling and scattershot, the film seems to be made expressly for the fans, not for a wider audience.
0.7 Written with Mr. Spurlock's frequent collaborator Jeremy Chilnick, the film is well organized and visually snazzy and keeps enough distance from its subject that you don't feel swamped in a tide of hysterical fandom.
0.75 Spurlock weaves together several story lines.
0.6 "A Fan's Hope" is really for those who've turned to the far side, but is ready to turn on a tractor beam for everyone else.
0.625 Comic-Con doesn't even try to scratch the surface of the world's largest geek meet-up. Which is not to say it isn't enjoyable.
0.875 Insightful and often very funny. A thoroughly enjoyable documentary.
0.6 Geek tribes revel in docu about massive commercial event.
0.6 I guarantee if you're human you'll get it.
0.7 In the end, this is a film that celebrates the San Diego Comic-Con, and the various personalities and people that attend and embrace it...
0.6 An Odorama cut of Comic-Con would surely be the scariest film ever made.
0.7 In 88 minutes, we get a very decent gloss on the Comic-Con experience and just what it can mean for some people.
0.5 Spurlock neither conveys the appeal of this world, nor does he ever, for one minute, stand outside the phenomenon and objectively examine it.
0.4 A loving yet scattered documentary about San Diego Comic-Con International.
0.7 Comic-Con Episode IV is a valentine to an event and a group of people so in ascension they don't really need it, but it's still a pleasant thing to watch.
0.75 Spurlock has made a marvellous artifact, lacking only the "Odor-ama" that would make this a definitive snapshot of a modern tribe, its sometimes silly sacred relics and sacred rites.
0.7 "A Fan's Hope" is a look at the annual San Diego convention that is sweetly empathetic where previous Spurlock works have been brash and confrontational. Plus, it's a lot of fun.
0.85 A surprisingly poignant perspective on the fanboy mecca and really the next best thing to being there.
0.5 You won't appreciate the film fully unless you're already a member of the choir to which it's preaching.
0.375 Morgan Spurlock has little to say about Comic-Con other than that its attendees value it on a par with Christmas.
0.875 Unquestionably Morgan Spurlock's most entertaining effort since his debut...
0.666666666667 The contemplative rigor Return brings to concepts of imagery and technology yields rewards if you're willing to work for them.
0.5 Uncle Boonmee Who Can Recall His Past Lives is boring and completely fails to engage on any level. Simply put, it's much too strange for its own good.
0.9 Uncle Boonmee is a film to be experienced for its immediacy and thought upon for its ineffability.
0.875 Fits neatly into Weerasethakul's cinema-shaking oeuvre of beautiful experimentation. [Blu-ray]
0.8 One to absorb, to wonder at, and, perhaps most significantly, to give exposure to lines of thinking that one might not be familiar with.
0.6 Beguiling, frequently baffling and frustrating.
0.625 Weerasethakul's sincerity is evident, though the film's meditative pace and vague philosophical undertones will not be for everyone.
0.8 Truly enchanting.
0.8 [Compared to Weerasethakul's earlier work] it's easier to get a handle on the edges, more opaque in the middle, and not as radical in its ideas or its execution.
0.875 If you are open, even in fancy, to the idea of ghosts who visit the living, this film is likely to be a curious but rather bemusing experience.
0.75 The movie isn't paced as a conventional narrative; its story imperceptibly droops, like a heavy frond.
0.875 What would pass for longueurs in another director's movie become commands for rumination here.
1.0 To visit with these characters is like watching what seems to be a slideshow of unrelated events, memories and reincarnation fantasies, but what connects them is a hypnotic quality and a serene embrace of both life and death.
0.5 Uncle Boonmee is a film that feels like some sort of skewed satire on the sort of drivel people will digest as art...
0.95 "A film that will linger in your thoughts and dreams for a long time after waking from its intoxicating slumber."
0.75 It takes a while to get used to Joe's peculiar style of filmmaking, but once you do, you'll go with the flow, not worrying about the abstractness of the plot.
0.75 Perhaps the best way to experience Uncle Boonmee or really any Weerasethakul film is to let his odd vision of the world sweep over you and not sweat the details too much.
0.75 If you can weather some slow patches (and there are plenty), this boldly original, oddly affecting meditation on the afterlife will reward you with moments of profundity that will linger in your consciousness (or subconsciousness) for a lifetime...
0.8 An entirely unique portrait of a man crossing over from one lifetime to the next.
0.8 "Uncle Boonmee Who Can Recall His Past Lives" is a one-of-a-kind mixture of the extraordinary and the everyday.
0.9 masterful and unique
0.8 It's that rarity in any medium, a totally unique work of art, and that it's a bit of a mess doesn't detract much from how mesmerizing of an experience it can be.
0.8 This is a mesmerising film that is endlessly unexpected, engaging and fascinating.
1.0 A mesmerizing Thai film about death, reincarnation, and the abundant mysteries of the human adventure.
0.95 The key is to let yourself go with the meandering current of its narrative.
1.0 The deepening mysteries and almost trance-like states Weerasethakul's films produce in the viewer are by design: a purposeful sounding of the hidden potential of cinema and consciousness.
0.9 Instead of nostalgia for vanished magic, there is the recognition that magic is always present if we know where and how to look. Mr. Weerasethakul certainly knows where to look and is generous enough to share some of what he sees.
1.0 I have been a fan of Apichatpong Weerasethakul's for years, and his stature keeps growing.
0.875 Takes a sweet, long time to work its magic on you.
0.6 full review at Movies for the Masses
1.0 What you see and hear always seems perfectly natural, even if you can't exactly say why. Who needs words when you have cinema?
0.6 Mesmeric and meandering, Uncle Boonmee is worth a viewing, and it has great qualities, but as an overall experience it never quite reaches the heights it often feels like it might reach.
0.4 The narrative is devoid of any conventional structure, and the pace is punishingly slow.
0.6 Meaning may prove elusive, and boredom is never exactly kept at bay, but what's on screen is unique and beguiling enough to make it worth persevering.
0.8 A film so entrancing, original and hypnotic that the moment it finishes the immediate impulse is to watch it again.
0.6 The film's stark approach to the fantastic and supernatural won't appeal to the mainstream, despite a distinctive and visually arresting presentation.
0.8 Apichatpong doesn't use his camera to stress what we should be looking at, thinking or hearing. He uses long takes and subtle edits to generate moods, atmospheres and feelings.
1.0 It is a total wonderwork: enchanting, bizarre, complex, original.
0.8 Play along with it and enjoy one of the most bizarre and original films to come out this year.
0.6 A gentle trance-out and the strangest Palme d'Or winner in a while.
0.4 Mesmeric in the way that staring at a tank of tropical fish for a couple of hours is mesmeric. Still, just the ticket if you're high, recovering from major surgery or are a cat.
0.4 Less a Palme D'Or than a Dalme Sn'Or.
1.0 Apichatpong Weerasethakul's Palme d'Or winner Uncle Boonmee Who Can Recall His Past Lives is a unique and mesmerising piece of filmmaking, but it won't be to everyone's taste.
0.8 Easy to eulogise but tough to explain. Funny strange, funny ha-ha and finally affecting, it's a film of poignant, quietly patient power...
0.3 There's crap, and there's pseudo-intellectual crap. Uncle Boonmee apparently falls into the latter category.
0.75 A beautiful, slow-moving meditation on life, death, and relationships that transcend time and space.
0.6 Fascinating, hypnotic and deeply, deeply weird, Apichatpong's Palm d'Or winner is a beautifully shot Thai drama that will baffle and amaze in equal measure.
1.0 Shooting with an unfussy verite aesthetic, Apichatpong crafts a delicate, enveloping spell, creating a world where the intrusion of the supernatural is almost commonplace.
1.0 Uncle Boonmee is a delightfully original, if not entirely explicable, story of a dying Buddhist man's journey into the jungle.
0.75 Throughout Uncle Boonmee, Weerasethakul sees weirdness and wonder in the mundane, from the taste of tea to a daylight stroll across a field alive with the buzz of honeybees.
1.0 This is a visionary film in the director's characteristic style: mysterious, dreamlike, gentle, quiet, magical.
1.0 It's barely a film; more a floating world. To watch it is to feel many things -- balmed, seduced, amused, mystified.
0.8 A whimsical essay about the final days of a villager suffering from kidney failure it is undoubtedly one of the filmmaker's most accessible works.
0.8 When a documentary is as entertaining as Air Guitar Nation, you have to ask if you really need it to have redeeming social value or to advance the art form in any way.
0.8 This raucously entertaining documentary about one of the silliest competitions on the planet actually has a serious message about the power of "airness" to change the world. Well, maybe.
0.333333333333 There must be better, more useful ways of amusing themselves but obviously none which would allow them to strut the stage to the plaudits of a baying crowd like latter-day rock stars.
0.4 Like most guitar solos, the film doesn't quite know when to quit.
0.6 Originality 0.9, Presentation 2.3 and Silliness 5.2.
0.4 Despite the film's admirable brevity it's still hard to maintain a wry ironic grin for a full 81 minutes.
0.8 A gloriously insane journey into the weirder reaches of rock, Air Guitar Nation is a funny, funky and oddly moving burst of lively factual entertainment.
0.8 Shot in a raw, grungy style that lends the film a degree of authenticity, AGN is a riff-roaring experience that rarely hits a bum note.
0.6 you will be entertained even if, in rock'n' roll terms, it's less satanic metal than cutesy chart pop.
0.5 A nuts-and-bolts document of the annual Air Guitar World Championships which take place in the rural outpost of Oulu in Finland.
0.8 A delightfully surreal look at a bizarre performance art.
1.0 Hugely entertaining, frequently hilarious documentary with colourful, warm-hearted characters and an infectious energy that'll send you bouncing out of the cinema with a goofy grin on your face.
0.8 A genuinely funny and absorbing documentary.
0.8 When a documentary compels you to care about something that you didn't think you had any interest in, well... that rocks!
0.7 Air Guitar Nation is a very well-made film and it tells its story at a quick, even pace, but you really need to suspend your disbelief if you're going to allow this film to fully wrap you in its charms.
0.75 Somehow, after most of the other 2007 movies have faded from memory, I have a feeling that I will still remember the passion and commitment of the people I met in Air Guitar Nation.
0.7 a fun enough goof to give it 90 minutes of your time as a feature film.
0.5 Sure, there is an infectious goofiness in watching a grown man in a red robe and Hello Kitty breastplate rock out on an imaginary ax. But the gag is spread pretty thin.
0.75 For every dork who has stood before the home stereo speakers and banged away on an invisible instrument, here at last is validation.
0.75 As "Seinfeld" proved, shows about nothing can be a lot of fun.
0.75 "Air Guitar Nation" does deliver the goods, with some extremely funny scenes and some honest-to-goodness rocking concert footage. Although I fear that the existence of "Nation" has nudged us that much closer to a karaoke documentary.
0.5 The film's action footage -- lots of men and women thrashing around with a theoretical Fender in hand -- gets pretty tedious after a while. There is only so much self-inflicted embarrassment one can bear watching.
0.75 In this pitch-perfect documentary about the very real rise of air guitar competition in the United States, and two of its top performers, stony thoughts will arise as to whether one is suddenly trapped inside a satire that got wrapped in a reality.
0.6 It's a limited movie, from the musical palette the performers choose, to the number of players the movie spends time with.
0.7 That the event is not only taken seriously by its contestants, but is also surprisingly devoid of irony, makes Air Guitar Nation excellently enjoyable.
0.8 When one character cheerfully announces he wants to "out-weird the world," we want to let him know we're right there for him.
0.625 The suggestion is that C-Diddy can be seen as a sort of ambassador for the 'make air, not war' sentiment. Why not? Even as real ambassadors go, we could do worse.
0.7 The film is a lovingly hilarious portrait of a bizarre and endearing pastime.
0.75 A favorite on the film festival circuit, Alexandra Lipsitz's exuberantly funny documentary follows the triumphant path of an American air guitarist as he rises from U.S. East Coast champ to the top rankings of the international air guitar festival.
0.75 It makes me what to pick up an air guitar and rock out.
1.0 This is all charming and hilariously real.
0.75 The Finns take the whole thing pretty seriously, noting that if you hold an air guitar, it's impossible to simultaneously hold a gun or rifle. (I'm sure some hombre in a Peckinpah movie would be able to pull it off.)
0.8 It's one of the charms of Air Guitar Nation that much of it plays like a mockumentary in which you're not quite sure who's pulling your leg. But it's real, even if the guitars are not.
0.666666666667 Air Guitar Nation does a fine job of bottling prelapsarian exuberance.
0.625 Alexandra Lipsitz believes that air-guitar competitions are worth a whole feature-length movie. She's wrong, of course. But the fun lasts longer than you might think.
0.75 Fascinating? Absolutely.
0.625 As dumb as the idea of grown men dressing up and pretending to play guitar may be, there's no arguing that some of these grown men do so with a truly awesome degree of energy and flair.
0.6 Irresistible.
0.75 It's no small feat to film a documentary like this with the right balance of reverence for the craft of air guitar and good, old-fashioned shooting at an easy target, but Lipsitz pulls it off.
0.7 Although Air Guitar Nation is a documentary, Lipsitz stumbled across a couple of compelling characters in Jung and Crane, who are anything but n'air-do-wells.
0.9 The movie's wild performances and droll humor are tough to resist.
0.5 Air Guitar Nation plays less like a feature-length documentary than it does a poorly thrown together behind-the-scenes supplement to the real thing.
0.7 the film will be remembered for the overall sense of camaraderie overcoming competition, fraternity trumping rivalry, and the discovery of graciousness in victory and defeat
0.7 A wildly foolish flick that takes the best elements of stand-up comedy and mixes them with good, old-fashioned rock 'n' roll.
0.8 I wouldn't exactly call Air Guitar Nation the next important documentary, but as a colorful look at an admittedly goofy activity, the flick's a pleasant little winner.
0.81 The bulk of this 50-minute piece focuses on the actual crashes and subsequent collapses, with an analytical eye on specifically what caused the most destruction.
0.625 Provides the clearest insight into why the destruction of these buildings (carnage and Freud aside) touched a deep nerve in the collective American psyche.
0.9 Not just another theatrical performance, Unstable Elements acts to live.
0.8 Excerpts of performances from shows such as Being Harold Pinter and Minsk 2011 hint at the visceral power of the group, which the Belarusian authorities apparently view as a threat to national security.
0.6 Absurdist dramas staged with grace and ingenuity, these "dangerous acts" draw attention in eloquent and very affecting fashion to the plight of Lukashenko's victims.
0.8 Dangerous Acts transcends its contemporary relevance.
0.8 Recommended viewing, especially given recent events in Ukraine.
0.6 It is startling to see how political opposition and outrage were being mobilised, not primarily by journalism, or social media or established forms of protest, but by theatre.
0.6 Dangerous Acts is a poignant picture of eastern Europe art at home and in exile.
0.4 An avant garde theatre collective challenge Belarusian politics in this underwhelming activism doc.
0.8 Vivid and vital.
0.8 Depicting the intellectual fire and fierce determination essential to revolution, Dangerous Acts pits the pen against the sword in an old story made fresh by the fact it's so immediate to those involved.
0.875 Always intriguing and often quite funny, Paul Williams Still Alive is exactly the documentary this celebrity deserves. It's respectful of his extraordinary accomplishments while giving us an accurate portrait of who Williams is today.
0.8 For all of Kessler's annoying traits, he did get results. Perhaps a different approach wouldn't have yielded a film as satisfying as "Paul Williams Still Alive."
0.625 The resulting documentary, at once endearing and dull, does indeed tell us about Williams, but it also tells us perhaps too much about Kessler.
0.8 Filmmaker Stephen Kessler's sheer delight in following around his boyhood idol, whose music framed much of the '70s when Kessler was a lad in Queens, is thoroughly infectious.
0.6 An entertaining, emotionally inspired stroll down memory lane -- that is, for Kessler.
0.83 That's what makes the film so endearing - it captures that strange relationship between film subject and filmmaker, something that is carefully hidden in most documentaries.
0.7 Too bad the film's obscure star will be a hard sell to non-music geeks or anyone born after 1965, because this film's a blast.
0.8 Charming, poignant and very funny, Paul Williams: Still Alive is a wonderful testament to a truly gifted artist for whom the end of fame was not remotely the end for him.
0.875 It's an interesting look at celebrities and the filmmakers that try to document them.
0.875 Williams, who was elected president of ASCAP in 2009, speaks frankly and eloquently about his problems dealing with fame, and his recovery.
0.7 Mr. Williams's quiet integrity trumps Mr. Kessler at every turn.
0.8 The oft-hilarious push-and-pull between director and subject-Williams wryly notes that the film is turning into "the Steve and Paulie Show"-effectively hacks away at the celebrity-enthusiast divide.
0.625 The film too often undercuts its goals by indulging its director's need for self-affirmation at the expense of the movie's far more compelling central subject.
0.7 Thanks to Williams, who almost deserves a co-directing credit, it ends up a very endearing portrait as well as an amusing real-life take on the buddy film.
0.9 Much chastened by time, Williams is an easy guy to like, which is key to this documentary being as effective as it is.
0.8 Whether it's memory lane or an introduction to Williams' oeuvre for new listeners, mainly it's just freaking funny.
0.75 An unflinching look at the inevitable tragedy that is senescence.
0.4 Are you a fan of torture and death? Have I got a movie for you!
0.75 It's enough to convince you that Woody Harrelson is right: If you don't appreciate Jerry Lewis, I don't want to hang with you.
0.8 If you don't like the comic artistry of Jerry Lewis, Encore's extensive new bio-documentary isn't going to change your mind. But you might come away with at least a bit more appreciation.
1.0 Sweet pig family provides gentle lessons to preschoolers.
0.7 For the impact of the Holocaust on Italy. . .fills in a gap with personal stories and return visits of Jews who were hidden. . . and about the extent of collaboration.
0.6 Even if you hate the music, there's much here to impress.
0.4 Don Argott's documentary about the heavy-metal band Lamb of God would have been a conventional rock doc if it had not been for a tragic incident at one of the band's concerts in Prague in 2010.
0.6 [A] watchable fly-on-the-wall documentary.
0.6 [Blythe is] a performer desperate to prove his emotions are for real.
0.75 You don't need to like Lamb of God's music - although, for the record, you should because it's awesome - to walk away from As the Palaces Burn feeling genuinely fond of the band.
0.4 It's only mildly interesting unless you're one of the band's many rabidly loyal fans, especially since Argott, clearly thoroughly embedded, chooses not to dig very deep into the personalities and issues around the incident.
0.8 For fans of Lamb of God, or metal in general, this is essential viewing.
0.6 It's a weird little hybrid movie. It becomes unforgettable at just the point where you were beginning to forget it.
0.4 A document of extreme heavy metal fandom goes south when the filmmakers fail to comprehend the gravity of their own material.
0.8 An entertaining and insightful rockumentary that quickly turns into a nail-biting legal thriller after the lead vocalist is arrested and accused of manslaughter during filming.
0.8 As the Palaces Burn metamorphoses from slam-dancing rock doc to genuinely gripping courtroom drama.
0.6 A fly-on-the-wall look at the band that will thrill fans but may not convert too many non-believers.
0.8 As The Palaces Burn ends up as gripping and unexpectedly moving as anything John Grisham's ever scribbled.
0.5 It is a shame that the Academy ignores so many brilliant documentaries (Hoop Dreams) while nominating high-minded, but bland ones like Mandella.
1.0 It speaks to the courage and resilience of one man, the savagery of many, and the potential, for both good and for ill, in us all.
0.8 It is so fluent and so certain -- both in its humanism and its depiction of institutionalised savagery.
0.875 Given the subject matter of the film, it's unsurprising to say that 12 Years a Slave is moving, but it's a testament to the filmmaking just how devastating the experience of watching it actually is.
1.0 12 Years A Slave is a powerful, moving and intelligently unsentimental tale that is engrossing and memorable.
1.0 Yes, we've all been enlightened unto the depletive hell that was the era of American slavery. But perhaps never, at least through cinema, have we been placed so vividly among the human beings who suffered through it.
0.8 McQueen depicts the horrific experiences of Solomon Northup, the free man kidnapped and sold into slavery, in utterly unflinching fashion. The film's strength lies in its frankness and avoidance of either sentimentality or Quentin Tarantino-style irony.
0.5 The crux of 12 Years a Slave's power comes back to Chiwetel Ejiofor. What a great, touching, tenacious performance.
0.8 12 Years a Slave is the clearest view of slavery I've seen onscreen.
1.0 McQueen directs with a total lack of sentiment, crafting each sequence with a merciless forward momentum that compensates for the episodic nature of the narrative.
0.2 In its own saintly manner, it's as exploitative as anything critics accused Django Unchained of being, minus Tarantino's eye for idiosyncrasy and sense of humor.
1.0 As hard-hitting as this is, though, it's the muted sense of outrage and injustice coursing through every fibre of Solomon's being that lingers longest, ensuring 12 Years a Slave triumphs as a human story about an inhuman institution.
0.8 The film tells an irresistibly powerful story, in a way that does not shirk the horror. It is unbearable to watch at times, but that is as it should be.
1.0 The film is beautifully underplayed with an emotional undercurrent that gradually builds an accumulative force, before all of that anger and sorrow finally explodes to the surface in an unforgettable final scene.
1.0 Filled with astonishing, gut-wrenching performances, it brings Northup's stunning story to life in a deeply-affecting way.
0.5 A film that, despite its surface simplicity, proves to be riven with contradictions to the point of incoherence.
0.8 Whilst 12 Years may lack the grandiose scale of Amistad, McQueen's ability to extract tension and provide insight into the evil nature of men during a dark period in America's history, makes for compelling viewing.
0.8 As with Schindler's List, you won't want to be munching a bucket of popcorn through this.
0.9 Screenwriter John Ridley takes a story that's episodic in nature and crafts a narrative that manages to build in intensity and emotion for over two hours.
1.0 This isn't simply an important movie, but a dose of brutal truth that must be confronted, and done so with absolute certainty.
1.0 Lupita Nyong'o is the emotional epicenter of the entire film.
1.0 An uncompromising look at slavery in the Antebellum South. Anchored by career-defining performances by Chiwetel Ejiofor and Lupita Nyong'o, director Steve McQueen brings his assured directorial mind to a harrowing, but necessary picture.
0.8 Much of it is difficult to watch, but '12 Years a Slave' is that rare film that's both important in its message and a darned good film all the same.
0.7 While the praise for 12 Years a Slave has been rather overblown, it's still a recommendable film due to its incredible cast, which helps cover up its weaknesses.
1.0 This is a truly impressive piece of filmmaking.
1.0 O que nos torna racistas nao e o preconceito que exercemos de maneira ativa, mas a intolerancia contra as mais diversas minorias que simplesmente nos mostramos incapazes de perceber.
0.9 An unflinching, uncomfortable and entirely necessary modern classic.
1.0 There is a reason that Slave has topped the best of list of 25 major film critics and won the Golden Globe for Best Picture. Miss it at your own loss.
1.0 Using dialogue sparsely and shocking images relentlessly, McQueen's movie brilliantly explores the implications and legacy of slavery, and debunks some of its more cherished myths.
1.0 Minds will be opened, perhaps even changed by what they see (and indeed, feel) here.
0.9 The film imparts the casual cruelty of slavery with full force without having to resort to graphic portrayals of on-screen brutality. The film certainly has those, but they are sporadic, well-judged and serve the larger story of a man starved of freedom.
0.8 It may well be the greatest film ever made about slavery, but that says more about the movie world than the work itself.
0.8 In its portrayal of violence and spectatorship, it stays in the mind.
0.9 The fortuitously named [Steve McQueen] follows up his previous pictures Hunger and Shame with this similarly pit-of-the-stomach venturing, queasy-making drama
1.0 Ejiofor proves himself a master of physical understatement, the clench of his teeth and slightest parting of the lips speaking volumes.
0.7 This is a terrifically well-intended and necessarily difficult movie to watch: but I'm not entirely convinced McQueen has delivered quite the masterpiece some would suggest it is.
1.0 A tale of suffering, endurance, courage and abiding humanity about a freeborn man kidnapped and sold into slavery, which packs all the more wallop for the elegance with which it's made.
1.0 Ejiofor projects extraordinary integrity, even nobility - and he holds the camera magnificently. It's a deeply inward, deeply felt performance, surely a cert for one of the many Oscars this film must win.
1.0 The American South's "peculiar institution" has, it seems, become a fit topic for narrative cinema. And it only took a century.
1.0 12 Years a Slave proves McQueen's formal prowess and, more significantly, his utter seriousness as a dramatist.
0.9 Much more than a film about 19th century slavery in America, this sharply well-told true story has a lot to say about the world we live in today.
0.6 There's little doubt that this painfully authentic adaptation of former slave Solomon Northup's memoir is an important film. But it is not an easy one to sit through.
1.0 It does what great cinema should do: takes you on an extraordinary journey and make you feel grateful to be alive.
1.0 12 Years a Slave isn't simply a masterpiece, it's a milestone. This, at last, really is history written with lightning.
1.0 The whole film breathes with reality, even while the bayou landscapes are infernalised, surrealised, by a terrible beauty of vision.
1.0 A flat-out masterpiece, a magnificent, uncompromising and emotionally devastating slavery drama with a superb script, stunning direction and an extraordinary central performance from Chiwetel Ejiofor.
0.8 One of Britain's greatest living filmmakers offers an outraged, intense and artful examination of American slavery.
1.0 A relentless, raw and visceral condemnation of a viciously racist regime that condemned its victims to a life of hard labour with random cruelties thrown in and justified by a skewed interpretation of the Old Testament.
1.0 McQueen's previous films were called Hunger and Shame; there is plenty of both in this almost unwatchably shocking and violent film.
1.0 The cumulative emotional effect is devastating: the final scenes are as angry, as memorable, as overwhelming as anything modern cinema has to offer.
1.0 The violence is starkly pictured by McQueen, lingering on black skin torn apart to reveal milky white flesh and, of course, red blood.
0.8 Falling between the twin pillars of the art house and prestige period flick, 12 Years A Slave is history lesson as horror film, powerful, visceral and affecting.
1.0 In a film brimming with great performances -- including Fassbender as the ruthless Epps, and Nyong'o's star-making work as the tormented Patsey -- Ejiofor's portrayal of Northup shines.
0.75 12 Years a Slave remains an important film, if nothing else for the fact that these are not anonymous characters created for Hollywood storytelling, but one man's remarkable story that puts a face on history.
1.0 These people are presented as they must have seemed at the time, even to themselves; there's no sense of a 21st-century actor sending out subtle I'm-not-really-like-this signals.
0.875 While Nature/Fate/God can perform apparent wickedness without conscience, neither hold a candle to man.
0.82 Punishing, relentless, terrible and necessary
1.0 The year's best film, this drama is a cinematic achievement and will be impossible to forget.
0.9 This is an extraordinary film.
0.9 I find [McQueen] extraordinary and I thought also what it was really about was the concept of man as a chattel.
1.0 Shooting the travesties at an artistic remove as if he were observing slavery as a mechanism, McQueen's lush, foreboding compositions don't get in the way of the soul-crushing story.
1.0 So very artfully fiddling while America burns
1.0 If 12 Years a Slave sounds like a brutal viewing experience then you'd be right, but in eschewing sentimentality and striving for honesty in the storytelling it is also a powerful, essential drama.
1.0 The feel terrible film of 2013, but for a very good reason
1.0 Unflinching, excruciating direction from McQueen; arresting and affective performances from Chiwetel Ejiofor, Lupita Nyong'o & Michael Fassbender; John Ridley's adaption of this shamefully true story is epic; 12 Years a Slave is extraordinary.
1.0 One of this year's must-see films, this is not simply a worthy tribute of a subject too often ignored by Hollywood; it's also a remarkable piece of cinema in its own right.
0.9 Like Steven Spielberg's LINCOLN from last year, and for which this is a good companion piece, this film is required viewing to understand the United States as it was
1.0 Some movies are 'must-see,' but '12 Years a Slave' goes beyond that to 'deserves to be seen' status. The film, which tells a true story, is a rarity that pulls no punches about the hellishness of slavery.
1.0 avoids an easy sense of moralizing and propels us deep into the characters' experiences
1.0 Through a rich, grueling portrait of the machinery of institutionalized slavery, it asks us to examine the rotten core of slavery and how it permeates our entire culture, not just to ponder life in the 1840s.
0.8 Horrifying. Riveting. Must see.
0.7 Good, but not as great as it should have been.
1.0 The film of the decade.
1.0 12 Years a Slave isn't always easy to sit through, but it is most definitely a vital and profound motion picture.
1.0 Not only the most powerful movie yet produced about our national shame but also the rare film about history and race that does not seek to absolve, comfort or flatter the mass audience it aspires to reach.
0.8 With relentlessly calm intensity, it depicts the institution as a machine - a pitiless mechanism that's countered with pitiless direction from filmmaker Steve McQueen.
0.75 ...meticulously made, sporadically captivating, and yet palpably overlong...
1.0 The stunning and tragic true story of a free black man sold into slavery in the pre-Civil War South, 12 Years a Slave is guttural, raw, and necessary to the moment, the kind of film that merits critical accolades and industry trophies.
1.0 12 Years a Slave Devastating and Memorable
1.0 Raw emotion manifest...not easily forgotten, as it should be.
0.9 Beautifully made and stylish to no end -- even elegant. With an assured hand, McQueen has captured the uncomfortable juxtaposition of natural beauty and unnatural ugliness.
0.5 12 Years a Slave is not a game.
0.875 Knowing the story's outcome does nothing to lessen the potency of what's shown on screen, largely because of the courageous manner in which McQueen holds certain shots as if he's daring us to look away for even a second.
0.875 Ejiofor's performance is the heart and soul of the movie. He is transformed from a carefree and happy family man to a downtrodden individual who has the hope for rescue continually quashed or beaten out of him.
0.6 12 Years a Slave doesn't add much to the ongoing conversation about slavery but it's a well-made meditation about a man who endures a terrifying journey.
1.0 The extraordinary 12 Years a Slave thrusts its lead character (Chiwetel Ejiofor) and the audience into slavery's moral and psychological morass more fully and directly than any movie before it.
0.9 Brutal yet elegant, 12 Years a Slave is a beautifully rendered punch to the gut about the most shameful chapter in American history.
0.8 By forcing his audience to watch, passively, for minute after minute, McQueen makes us all complicit. It's the scene that no American has been able to produce because it's void of heroism, and shows us slavery as a mere means of doing business.
1.0 It is not an angry movie or a judgmental one, and this just-the-facts approach brings home the heartbreaking reality of slavery in America.
1.0 Not the first (and most certainly will not be the last) film to tackle the subject of America's shameful history of slavery, but it often feels like the first real one.
0.875 This is a nightmare of a film, but an unforgettable one.
1.0 "12 Years a Slave" is essential because its raw impact is unrivaled.
0.8 Exceedingly well-crafted and brilliantly acted by Chiwetel Ejiofor and Michael Fassbender, McQueen's go-to star, the movie is harrowing, intense and important.
1.0 British director Steve McQueen and American screenwriter John Ridley adapt Solomon Northup's meticulous slave narrative into a masterpiece of clear-eyed historical drama.
1.0 It provokes recognition in us of the very heart of darkness. It makes the unimaginable imaginable.
1.0 "12 Years a Slave" isn't easy to watch, and it shouldn't be; it's one man's tragedy, but it's also the tragedy of countless thousands of souls beaten down, literally and metaphorically.
1.0 The film is both brutal to watch and stunning to contemplate, powerfully challenging audiences - particularly white audiences - to examine their consciences.
1.0 Slavery is revealed for the unrelenting horror that it was. About time.
0.875 It's a tough movie to watch but a rewarding and thoughtful one.
0.875 A graphically violent portrayal of the treatment of people trapped in human bondage before the Civil War, as well as a disturbing portrait of the perversity that festered in slaveholders.
1.0 One of the best and most courageous films of the year.
1.0 12 Years a Slave is admirable, important, and serious filmmaking that is antithetical to what most people think of as entertainment. While it might not be perfect, it demands and deserves your attention.
1.0 12 Years a Slave is at times difficult to watch but always impossible to turn away from.
0.875 The film succeeds by simply, plainly placing audiences in the emotional crucible of pre-abolition America and firing their imaginations.
0.875 The film wants to hurt you, knows you are terrified of what it will show you, then shows you way more than you bargained for.
0.8 Provocative yet well made drama.
1.0 This is not medicine for America to swallow; it's filmmaking of the highest caliber.
1.0 McQueen makes the theater drapes melt away, immersing audiences in a story that will make them feel like witnesses to history.
1.0 But make no mistake, this is Ejiofor's show, and he commands it utterly from minute one.
1.0 The film hits like a sledgehammer, in part because it suggests that films about slavery are rare because we are guilty of burying the shameful aspects of our history.
0.7 Though Solomon Northupp's story is one that deserves to be told, it could have benefited from a little restraint.
0.8 Imperfect but must-see epic drama with major cruelty.
1.0 12 Years a Slave is an outstanding triumph in filmmaking since it's so unbelievably captivating yet will leave you feeling so undeniably uncomfortable as it takes pride in ripping your mortality to shreds over the course of two hours.
1.0 But the much talked-about 12 Years a Slave is more than a beautifully shot art piece. It's history made violently real.
1.0 Other movies and books have gone here, but few so far and with such overwhelming clarity of purpose.
0.74 Ejiofor brings imposing physicality and intimidating intellect to the role, and thus Northup poses a threat to his enemies -- even if they can't articulate it as such.
0.875 The film offers a formidable indictment of the cruelty of which human beings are capable.
1.0 With this powerful, almost classical drama, British director Steve McQueen has made the seminal film about slavery that Hollywood feared to tackle.
0.9 A gripping drama and immaculate depiction of human suffering and strength.
1.0 Some might dread its violence, but in its truth in showing us the American slavery experience, 12 Years a Slave is glorious in its brutality. It's required viewing for all Americans and a vital universal lesson about man's inhumanity to man.
0.875 So raw and distressing is this historical account of a true-life American slave, it's tempting to turn away from the screen. Or maybe just cover your eyes for a few minutes of respite. Try not to.
1.0 Stands a good chance of ending up the definitive American film about slavery.
1.0 ...a masterpiece.
0.8 Brutal, harrowing, powerful and exceptionally well-acted. Worth seeing but not for those with weak stomachs. Director Steve McQueen doesn't spare the viewer.
0.875 Ejiofor gives the audience more emotion with a glance than most actors could muster with an entire page of dialogue.
0.75 This movie could be a useful classroom tool for those studying America's shameful slavery days.
0.8 This is a tremendously powerful drama that simultaneously highlights the human capacity for cruelty and for resilience, bolstered by an extraordinary, wrenching performance from Ejiofor.
0.875 Many viewers will likely have a hard time sitting through it. Watching it is necessary, though, and hugely rewarding. The results aren't just supremely fine, but an example of important moviemaking transcending art as entertainment.
0.875 McQueen brings urgency to the subject by depicting it with a documentarian's precision; there's no false hope, only despair, in this portrait of humanity at its worst.
1.0 12 Years a Slave, British director Steve McQueen's antebellum Southern drama, sets a new standard in realistically depicting American slavery.
0.875 "12 Years a Slave" is a somber, meditative, almost poetic film that delivers the horrors of bondage stripped down and head-on.
0.9 "12 Years" is a tour de force, just one of the most unpleasant ones you will ever see.
1.0 A brutally powerful and emotionally devastating film that takes great pains to rip any lingering vestiges of romanticism from America's most shameful institution.
1.0 Remarkable.
0.9 Director McQueen's now signature techniques are on full display here. In Ejiofor, McQueen finds another gifted actor that embraces hard and emotive story-telling.
1.0 [T]he most important achievement of this staggering film is how acutely and precisely [McQueen] depicts the psychological cruelty...
0.95 The most powerful movie I never want to see again. This is not a film meant to entertain or be enjoyed, but rather provide the most unflinching, rawest portrayal of slavery ever put to film and McQueen accomplishes that masterfully.
0.9 12 Years A Slave is more than just one of the best movies of the year, it stands alongside Roots as a significant cinematic contribution to this country's never ending discussion about slavery.
1.0 The harrowing 12 Years a Slave is a mesmerizing period drama for the ages.
1.0 McQueen doesn't go in for a lot of flash edits or self-conscious visual flourishes to put viewers at ease; rather, he invites the audience to sit with him as he gazes, amazed, at man's inhumanity to man ...
1.0 A film this good, and this quietly distinctive in its style, is always welcome.
1.0 A harrowing, unforgettable drama that doesn't look away from the reality of slavery and, in so doing, helps us all fully, truly confront it.
1.0 "12 Years a Slave" works on so many levels -- some topical, some timeless -- that it's almost impossible to count them.
0.9 There are horrors aplenty in Steve McQueen's blistering, cold-eyed epic of slavery.
1.0 12 Years a Slave is not easy to watch, but it is perfectly constructed to present a sense of time and place, to show rather than tell the evil of it.
1.0 It's an important subject given a realistic, respectful treatment without diminishing the cruelty and the inhumane nature of institutionalized slavery.
0.8 The sheer power of the performances capably transport viewers to a place that most of us can't even comprehend.
1.0 You won't be able to tuck this powder keg in the corner of your mind and forget it. What we have here is a blistering, brilliant, straight-up classic.
1.0 A raw, powerful film that matters, but watching it doesn't feel like work. If this movie ever appears on a syllabus, students will look forward to class.
1.0 This harrowing story of the worst of humanity is deceptively simple and straightforward. 12 Years a Slave is an essential film for all to see.
0.65 12 Years a Slave is possibly the best horror film of the year, but it's a disappointing drama.
1.0 The film truly belongs to Ejiofor, whose big, soulful eyes seem to register so many things at once: Shock, pain, grit, determination, abject despair at times, cautious hope at others - and always, dignity.
0.9 [McQueen's] film is a tough, soul-sickening, uncompromising work of art that makes certain that when viewers talk about the evils of slavery, they know its full dimension.
1.0 If the best films hold you in a captive vise, entertain you, keep you spellbound and teach you something at the same time, then 12 Years a Slave is outstanding-brave, courageous and unforgettable.
1.0 Brave performances throughout this magnificent film.
1.0 It's clear from the start that this movie isn't content to simply be viewed. The picture stares back.
1.0 12 Years A Slave is an ambitious endeavor.
0.75 Brutal and relentless, it's hard to recommend 12 Years a Slave whole-heartedly even though it's incredibly well directed and acted across the board.
1.0 The best picture of the year.
0.81 An ultimately cold experience, but one that must be seen.
0.8 Savage, uncompromising and gruesomely cringe-inducing, this true tale will shock you and anger you, but it may also touch you very deeply.
0.9 12 Years A Slave will beat you down emotionally, scene after scene, without any mercy - but that's just a testament to the brilliant direction, transformation-like performances, and unapologetic storytelling.
1.0 A sobering slave narrative recounting a recorded, real-life case of inhuman bondage.
0.8 There's none of Django Unchained's revenge fantasies or tomfoolery here, only a sober depiction of the cruelty and oppression that defined a long and very ugly chapter of American history.
1.0 A sobering drama about racism and slavery that will sear your soul and set you thinking about the shadow side of American history.
0.75 The drooping Spanish moss is about the only visual icon that this film shares with Gone With the Wind.
1.0 In many ways, Northrup, an educated free man, is the ideal avatar for the modern audience. He, like us, does not come to slavery naturally or easily.
1.0 Believe the Oscar buzz. Britain's Steve McQueen (Hunger, Shame) nails the horror of America's slavery shame but also finds humanity in one man's determination to free himself and return to his family.
0.5 Steve McQueen's impersonal approach to his subject matter isn't solely to blame for the failure of 12 Years a Slave, a safely anecdotal mosaic closer in spirit to Edward P. Jones's The Known World than to Toni Morrison's radically constructed Beloved.
1.0 It's a story that transcends the typical expectations of the slave narrative, a story that indeed isn't about a slave but a man, a human being, fighting for his soul.
0.8 This magnificent, shocking work is likely to become a sort of reference text about the horrors of one of the darkest chapters in America's history.
1.0 ...refuses to take the easy road.
1.0 It's the nobility of this remarkable film that pierces the soul.
1.0 Stark, visceral and unrelenting, 12 Years a Slave is not just a great film but a necessary one.
0.9 A film that will no doubt come to be known as the definitive movie on slavery in America. It's something everyone should be obligated to see, as it conveys the nightmare of that period in a real, affecting, personal way.
1.0 This might just be one of the most powerful films you ever watch
0.625 Hunger and Shame were mimetic where 12 Years a Slave is diegetic.
0.6 The film is at its very best when Baldwin informally cross-examines respected names such as Martin Scorsese, Roman Polanski, Bernardo Bertolucci, James Caan and Jessica Chastain.
0.8 Seduced and Abandoned is, if nothing else, a film buff's delight.
0.6 Their [Toback and Baldwin] film about the idea of the film is entertaining and diverting, even if there is also something slightly melancholy about this artificial pursuit of a cinematic phantasm.
0.6 It's funny stuff, yet the real nuggets here are when [Alec] Baldwin defaults to standard doco-mode and asks an impressive range of people...about the harsh realities of working in the world's most expensive entertainment artform.
0.6 An amusing and, at times, genuinely revealing doco - albeit one with distinctively niche appeal, and cloaked in an air of unmistakable self-satisfaction.
0.6 It's an odd film but an entertaining one.
0.4 Even the overarching quasi-comic format is old hat, having been done far better by Morgan Spurlock in The Greatest Movie Ever Sold.
0.6 Although this isn't as cinematic as Keanu Reeves' Side by Side, last year's documentary about the industry's transition from celluloid to digital, it feels honest,
0.6 It feels honest, with Baldwin admitting he's sometimes trusted people he shouldn't have.
0.4 Nice try, guys, but no deal.
0.8 Anyone interested in how movies get made will love this feisty behind-the-scenes documentary, which uses sharp comedy to explore the messy business side of cinema.
0.6 A funny and insightful must for movie fans.
0.6 Droll, watchable, wittily sobering.
0.8 Explores the present-day realities of film financing and offers insightful comments on the film industry in general, as well as a meditation on the power of cinema and death itself.
0.6 Jolly good fun, even if it doesn't exactly manage to fulfil its wonky remit.
0.8 It's a spikily funny, endlessly enlightening watch.
0.6 The film becomes a platform for actors to politely vent on their impotence, and for short-sighted bankrollers to pass the buck to the movie-going public for their lack of cojones.
0.3 Deeply tedious and bereft of purpose.
0.8 Baldwin and Toback make a snappy comic duo, and half of their talks with a line-up of luminaries focus on the art of filmmaking rather than the business.
0.8 The results are revealing rather than revelatory, but chats with Ryan Gosling and Coppola, Scorsese and Polanski flesh out the fun.
0.8 Dedicated film buffs will love it.
0.6 Jollied up with some fun anecdotes from Hollywood's great and good, this is entertaining, if hardly hugely revelatory stuff.
0.4 Ironically, the failure of the financing mission gives [it] a sharper edge. But in the end, that edge will probably be of more interest to Baldwin, Toback and the film biz than to a civilian, who mostly wants to know why she can't find a decent rom-com.
0.625 Toback's frequent gasbaggery is often forgivable. Underneath his party-boy hubris beats the heart of an occasionally major artist.
1.0 The fact that it is so funny eventually becomes strangely sad, which makes the film thoroughly enjoyable but also irresistibly provocative.
0.7 For anyone interested in Hollywood deal-making, James Toback's documentary "Seduced and Abandoned" provides the vicarious thrill of being at the table.
0.8 The 68-year-old Toback is asking himself, and us: can he have one more hit before he dies?
0.8 Sweet, funny and uplifting. Shu Qi sizzles.
0.5 Vince Vaughn is nowhere in sight, so you know it can't be a Valentine's Day offering from the Western world. It tries though. It tries.
0.4 The film feels disjointed and inorganic as it skips from one set of problems to another.
0.3 Devoid of charisma or a third dimension, these contrived characters - whether dissolute or doltish, shrill or sheepish - rarely engage.
0.8 The narrative structure is a little shaky at times, and it perhaps inhabits too many genres to be fully successful in any of them, but my goodness it's compelling.
0.6 It's difficult to work out if Wong really had some biopic-subverting purpose in mind or if he just found himself unable to tell the story in a way that gelled with his sensibilities
0.6 Often poetic, but lacks dramatic punch.
0.6 The Grandmaster interweaves themes of ancient loyalty and modern betrayal around a narrative predicated upon the interplay between the differing schools, traditions and movements of myriad martial arts disciplines.
0.6 It's far from the misunderstood masterpiece many still prayed it might be, but almost every shot is predictably jaw-dropping and metaphor-dripping.
0.7 Leave it to Hong Kong maestro Wong Kar Wai (In the Mood for Love) to reinvent both the historical biopic and Chinese kung fu action movie in one fell swoop.
0.8 The Grandmaster is an anomaly -- a mournful and delicate kung-fu movie with hardly a trace of machismo about it.
0.8 Wong Kar-wei's The Grandmaster is one of the more exquisite martial arts movies around, as the Hong Kong auteur behind the lyrical In the Mood for Love takes on the legend of Ip Man.
0.6 The sheer class of the production ensures that it's not entirely ruined by its flaws.
0.6 It's suffused with emotional repression and it's this deep sense of yearning and unrequited love that poignantly raises it above mere biopic.
0.6 As a film-maker, Wong appears to be retreating upriver into genre, style and mannerism. It is all managed very elegantly - but with a fraction of the power in his greatest work.
0.8 It may not be much more than six of the most imaginatively staged and filmed fight scenes in the cinema, but that's almost certainly enough to recommend it.
0.6 This tough and tender biopic ... makes for an elegant, occasionally exciting tribute to a man and his art-form.
0.6 Kar Wai revels presents this epic production with a stylistic grandeur, celebrating the elegance of combat, rather than the brutality.
0.7 This air of melancholy that lies over the film is - I don't know. I was very interested about all this north, south the various elements of Kung Fu. I learned stuff from the film.
0.7 Tony Leung's charismatic performance as the man who was martial arts instructor to Bruce Lee anchors the film, but in this version at least the story equally belongs to Gong Er, and Zhang Yiyi is splendid in the role, especially in the later scenes.
0.2 An ornate period film about kung fu that is so godawfully tedious and solemn it seems designed to bore people right into the very fabric of their seats. Even the sub-standard fight scenes are terribly shot.
0.7 It is rich, distinctive and lush, as you would expect, although this new feature from Hong Kong director Wong Kar-wai has been a long time coming.
0.4 In the absence of genuine profundity, but with dazzling craft on frequent display, his most ardent devotees may summon enough loyalty to defend this one as a noble failure.
0.4 As commendable as Wong's film is at visualizing things, it's far less proficient at contextualizing them.
0.6 Each battle moves with such balletic grace they make Crouching Tiger Hidden Dragon seem as if it's standing still.
0.6 The American version is beautiful and moody, and it is muddy in expression, but probably worth seeing anyway.
0.9 Wong Kar Wai has something slow, lush and precise in mind for this story of Ip Man (Tony Leung), the legendary martial arts master who trained Bruce Lee. He offers a chance to dream in kung fu.
0.7 A complete surprise. Not the strictly martial arts action film but also one of compelling beauty and romance.
0.5 The Grandmaster lacks focus or drive as director Wong Kar-wai flails among the elements of Ip Man's life for something to hold onto and comes up with little except that late in life he taught Bruce Lee.
0.87 ...closer in tone to an art movie, an exercise in pure cinema, than it is a chopsocky extravaganza
0.875 The Grandmaster blends right in with Wong's body of work, a gorgeous meditation on the importance of sorrow and lament. This one just happens to have kung fu, too.
0.4 An emotional moving, thrilling and provocative drama that's highly entertaining but at times loses itself with its lack of storytelling.
0.75 More impressive than its flurry of fists is its sleight of hand, the misdirection that perhaps conceals for some the truth that this is not primarily a decades-spanning historical drama but a romance of unrequited love.
0.6 [Wong Kar-wai] is a stylish filmmaker who has created an operatic story out of Ip Man's difficult life, and a ballet out of the many action sequences.
0.875 Martial arts, resonant themes, and lush visuals make a well-rounded package
0.6 He's typically more show than tell, but The Grandmaster -- charting a largely chronological course and plodgy with pedantic title cards that rehash what the attentive viewer has already gleaned -- is heavy with the telling.
0.8 It ranks with Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, Hero and House of Flying Daggers as one of the most elegant and beautiful martial-arts films to play American screens.
0.75 You leave this deeply flawed, deeply beautiful film with no doubt that you've seen an indisputable cinematic grandmaster in action.
0.7 I still consider my Grandmaster experience incomplete for now. And it's a testament to how much quality still remains that I want to complete it.
0.625 Wong Kar Wai is an expressionist master. A master of character - deep, rich, truthful character - especially in The Grandmaster, he is not.
0.625 [W]e watch this version of The Grandmaster not for what it is but what might be.
0.5 Beautiful but troubled, achieving in stretches the director's signature dreamy mood but dragged down by narrative confusions.
0.75 Granted, "The Grandmaster" is not a primer on Chinese philosophy. Yet it may score as crossover cinema for Wong fans and Lee fans.
0.75 As a kung fu film, "The Grandmaster," with its exhilarating fighting sequences, won't disappoint. As a Wong Kar-wai film, it rates high.
0.875 Writer-director Wong Kar-wai has made a martial-arts movie that is truly a work of art. His "The Grandmaster" is a picture of staggering beauty.
0.75 The director took great efforts to be true to Chinese martial arts, but he did so without sacrificing his own distinctive vision.
0.625 "The Grandmaster" is the work of a director whose work throughout his career has been visually exhilarating, sensuous, even sublime. To that end, "The Grandmaster" doesn't disappoint.
0.4 The movie ultimately winds up falling between two stools, failing as both a biography and an action film.
1.0 A deliriously beautiful martial-arts saga, a mix of exuberant violence and restrained eroticism.
0.875 You don't have to be a martial arts fan to be bowled over by "The Grandmaster," the atmospheric and poetic martial arts love story about Ip Man's early life by director Wong Kar Wai.
0.75 Whereas many kung-fu movies are a feast that leaves us weary with sensations, the tastefully bittersweet "Grandmaster" puts us in the mood for more.
0.625 Fans of Wong's esthetic will no doubt lap it up, as it marks a return to some of his favourite actors; Leung has appeared in all but three of his 10 features, while Chang Chen, cast here as a character called The Razor, makes his third appearance.
0.75 It takes more than intertitles and explanatory voiceovers to derail a master like Wong.
0.875 It's a terrific film, and it's a lot of fun.
0.25 This super-serious, horribly-told story may focus on kung fu, but it put me in an almost instant sleeper hold.
0.5 It's a series of lovely moments that never quite come together into a movie.
0.875 More than anything, perhaps, The Grandmaster is a feminist tragedy that, at least in this cut, seems to lose interest in Ip Man and pass the torch to the considerably more fascinating Gong Er...
1.0 One of the best films of 2013. Wong is a Chinese director who sees China as exotic: he presents the 1930s Paramount version of China, with orchids, opium, crimson lipstick and satin slippers.as he is by the dangerous Hong Kong of the early 1950s
0.7 The martial arts genre experiences another quantum leap in terms of pure beauty of form and action.
0.6 The Grandmaster is languorous, lovely, and familiar to admirers of Wong's past work. It also feels out of balance with what's come before, even when the film doubles back for more action scenes.
0.6 Wong Kar Wai is one of the world's great filmmakers and his first foray into the realm of martial arts is definitely worth seeing , even if at times confusing. Gorgeous to watch and beautiful action sequences make up for the wobbly script.
0.75 Yip Man lives!
0.6 The 108 minutes that did survive the winnowing impulses of The Weinstein Company make for a lumpy, disjointed pseudo-biopic, one that loses interest in its subject halfway through.
0.7 Somber, stylized and visually stunning
0.5 Blending the markings of a kung fu epic with scenes of stark emotional longing, Wong Kar-wai's latest movie offers a hybrid that's hard to decipher.
0.75 A glorified trailer by Wong Kar Wai is still something to see.
0.625 Ip Man's story has been told many times before by other filmmakers. Wong builds upon it, establishing the noble fighter as a reflective but still ferocious grandmaster in 1936 in Foshan, Ip Man's home city in southern China.
0.625 There are sequences in Hong Kong director Wong Kar-wai's new film, The Grandmaster, that are as gorgeous as anything you'll see on a screen this year, or perhaps this decade.
0.75 Wong extracts magnetic performances from his two stars, and Philippe Le Sourd delivers gorgeous cinematography.
0.8 this is one filmmaker so talented that, even when he's manipulated, he's amazing
0.5 With so many years spent on it, Wong should have been able to see that the structure wasn't coming together and that his characters needed further work.
0.8 Wong's genius for overheated, overstuffed glamour brings to mind the demented movies that Josef von Sternberg made with Marlene Dietrich in the 1930s.
0.72 Despite its problems, The Grandmaster is more poetic than other recent Kung Fu movies.
0.8 You'll feel decadent enjoying it, but everything is so tasty, it would be foolish to object.
0.75 An historical opus that is equal parts ballet and biography, though the second component pales in comparison with the first.
0.8 However much history informs this movie, "The Grandmaster" is, at its most persuasive, about the triumph of style.
0.7 Virtually incomprehensible, but a beautiful mess.
0.6 An exquisite-looking, fitfully moving drama from the director of "In the Mood for Love."
0.2 How could something that is so gorgeous also be so damn dull?
0.6 Wong has done this dynamic better in virtually all of his past work; there's a pretty dullness here that shouldn't be confused for mastery.
0.625 It's a little like getting Jim Jarmusch to direct a film about Spider-Man.
0.625 Lovely, well-acted with great set pieces, but edited into something choppy and less satisfying than one would hope
0.625 The film, more likely to invite comparisons to the writings of Marcel Proust than the previous Ip Man films, is a gorgeous folly that never entirely emerges from its creator's head.
0.7 The Grandmaster is absolutely breathtaking to watch as its cinematography is gloriously rich and the action sequences are executed beautifully. Despite its camera work being clean and crisp, the rest of its presentation is completely unbalanced.
0.625 It takes a giant leap of faith to accept that Jesus, You Know wasn't staged.
0.7 If watching devout churchgoers pray to Jesus before a static camera sounds like the dullest idea ever for a documentary, think again: This might be the most fun you've ever had in church.
0.75 Inventive and bold.
0.6 Austere, rigidly formalized documentary.
0.52 Thanks to the approach used in filming, the mundane and familiar problems that these people speak of become an informative & entertaining presentation of a collective pathos.
0.9 One of the public pioneers for those whose miserable lives can only be relieved by changing sex is the subject of Eric Drath's fascinating chronicle of how Dr. Richard Raskind's mid-life crisis resulted in the birth of Dr. Renee Richards.
0.5 At under an hour, the film, which also touches on White House-driven leaks for political gain, can't help but feel a bit incomplete.
0.4 Whistle-blowers become effective when their information appears in a news outlet's reliably sober columns - not in a bar mitzvah video.
1.0 Frame by frame, sketch by sketch, Sullivan has created a rich and layered world in "Consuming Spirits," one that won't easily let you go.
0.7 Something more coherent, masterful - and oddly poignant - than it may initially seem.
1.0 "Consuming Spirits" puts a hook in you and doesn't let you off. A hook the size of a crowbar.
0.75 An ambitious animated epic that runs well over two hours and sometimes feels more like a feat than a film. Nevertheless, it's a kind of milestone in its genre.
0.8 Even if one grows impatient with the film's dovetailing tales of small-town desperation, it's hard to tire of its visual execution.
0.75 It is the story of people in a small ordinary town, knowing nothing but their ordinary affairs, revealing their sins and crimes with an ordinary negligence.
0.92 Fifteen years in the making, Chris Sullivan's Consuming Spiritsis the work of his lifetime -- or any lifetime, for that matter.
0.75 Sullivan pulls the narrative noose tight at long last, and wraps up "Consuming Spirits'' as neatly as a Victorian novel - albeit one written by someone with an alarming affinity for the grotesque.
1.0 At a time when animation is expected to be computer-generated, three-dimensional and relentlessly upbeat, Mr. Sullivan's film is flat, handmade and melancholy, a dark and painful fantasy for grown-ups.
0.9 The effect is that of disjointed, haunted reverie, of alternate realities colliding, soundtracked by mumbled asides and an uneasy murmur of background noise.
0.6 The interweaving stories of commercialized religion, rancid Americana and alcoholic wretches start wearing thin around the movie's midpoint; by the end, the whole morose endeavor risks becoming downright threadbare.
1.0 Not only a monstrous visual achievement, but one of the most uniquely humanistic animated features of all time.
0.7 Issues of plot aside, though, the thing that any viewer is likely to notice first is the striking, nearly unpremeditated style of the film.
0.75 With so much information coming at us from all channels, it's odd, but we often forget about our own progress, development as humans worthy of our time on Earth.
0.2 You're better off reading the Cliff's Notes.
0.625 Marceau and Bean have no chemistry, which is essential to a film like this.
0.4 This version manages to be both the most pretentious and anaemic yet.
0.5 Like its opening, Leo Tolstoy's Anna Karenina is half-successful.
0.375 Bloodless and shallow adaptation.
0.5 A copy of the paperback book should cost about as much as a movie ticket, and will provide a more lasting and worthwhile investment.
0.8 Sumptuous cinematography, glorious sets and costumes dominate throughout the film.
0.6 Provided you have a burning interest in pretty visuals and less regard for the whys and wherefores of human behavior, this latest adaptation of Tolstoy's classic is a pleasant watch.
0.89 ...a smart and entertaining movie that can fairly be described as fun.
0.75 Vidal was our last great Roman senator, mourning the republic as he gazed at a corrupt empire. "Whenever I want to know what the United States is up to," he said, "I look into my own black heart."
0.625 Asked at the film's conclusion what he expects his legacy will be, he replies, "I couldn't care less," ornery to the last. Viewers who encounter him for the first time through this film will no doubt share the sentiment.
0.75 We watch before our eyes as Vidal goes from an impossibly handsome young man to a broken-down old one, and age does nothing for his mood.
0.875 Remarkably enjoyable, even joyous, the film chronicles Vidal's life from his privileged beginnings, his years at some of the country's most elite prep schools, and his shocking decision to join the Army instead of attend college.
0.5 It is especially odd, given the movie's subtitle, that "Gore Vidal" takes so long to get around to explaining the roots of Vidal's famous cynicism about this country's politics.
0.4 Vidal proves a great one for carving up sacred cows - the Founders, Lincoln, Kennedy, The New York Times, and on occasion, the most holy bovine of the self.
1.0 The Gadfly Speaks
0.75 It does a great job of collecting Vidal's Wildean aphorisms on class, democracy and liberty.
0.6 Mostly for those already fascinated by Vidal's colorful life.
0.625 The unbalanced appraisal of Vidal's life and work in Nicholas Wrathall's documentary diminishes the effect of the writer's engaging dissension of American political policy.
0.6 Fabulous profile of the American author/commentator/troublemaker, filmed shortly before his death in 2012.
0.6 It's easy to believe the friends who attest that Vidal remained shy and vulnerable at heart. But perhaps this wasn't a bad thing, if it helped ensure that his carnivorous elegance remained wedded to an underlying sense of decency.
0.75 The film has such flavour that it will inspire you to dust off, or a new generation to seek out Vidal's work.
0.625 While hardly a balanced look, the documentary's selective memory can be forgiven.
0.6 'United States of Amnesia' comes not to bury Vidal but to praise him right to the rafters
0.7 ...as much as it admires Vidal's last-lion status, the film never bows down in complete obeisance.
0.9 Wrathall's considered, thorough and thoroughly entertaining film gives not just a sense of the man but also the importance to the world of iconoclasts like him.
0.875 A thorough examination (and debunking) of the claims that have blurred the term 'historical fiction,' stirred a cauldron of controversy, and spurred record-breaking sales.
0.7 Chilling, depressing, yet guardedly optimistic.
0.7 Girlhood thoughtfully questions not just the system itself, but our unfair assumptions about the young people caught within it.
0.75 To the film's great credit, [director] Garbus evens out her often heavy-hand and we're given the emotional core of two young female criminals in ways often eluded in the movies.
0.75 The trajectories of Shanae's and Megan's lives speak volumes for themselves.
0.875 Fascinating and, at times, surprisingly moving.
0.875 Girlhood begins as a document of criminal justice, and ends as a testament to the power of motherhood.
0.5 It isn't just difficult to do justice to Shanae and Megan in an average of 44 minutes apiece; as it turns out, it's impossible.
1.0 It may be the least expected happy ending in years.
0.6 Seems like a summer camp, with inmates enjoying soda and snacks in virtually every scene.
0.7 As grim as its subject may at first seem, Girlhood is at heart an emotionally rich look at mothers and their daughters, and provides a refreshing look at how 'the system,' flawed as it may be, can work.
0.75 Detailed, compassionate, humane.
0.7 It's one thing to watch the stylized Hollywood versions of troubled teens in films like Bully and Thirteen; it's another to witness the gritty reality.
0.875 Filmed with levelheaded tenderness and often startling intimacy.
0.6 Hard-headed documentary.
0.75 Gripping.
1.0 Garbus spent three years patiently mining for beauty in the ugliest of environments. The remarkable result stands as a challenge to anyone who would have seen only the worst and walked right by.
0.7 a credit to Garbus' ability to pick a touching subject that will have you pondering for some time
1.0 A compelling and ultimately positive portrait of teenagers.
1.0 One of the finer documentaries I've seen in my lifetime.
0.75 [Director] Marker may be windy, but he also enjoys the wisdom that comes with age. His masterful command of the camera shows that he can lecture and entertain at the same time.
0.875 The Case of the Grinning Cat is further evidence of Chris Marker's exhilarating wit. His hour-long cinema essay offers a snapshot of France that's been realized in Marker's daydreamy developer fluid.
0.6 vive le chat!
0.9 In The Case of the Grinning Cat, the filmmaker Chris Marker fluidly moves over and under Paris, capturing images of fugitive beauty and pathos.
0.75 Leave it to Chris Marker, the 85-year-old French documentarian and cineaste hero, to take an unexceptional event and turn it into an exceptional film.
0.875 Modestly eschewing declarative organization, Marker's interest in and presentation of information is strictly pointillist.
0.75 Marker -- something of a cine-sage known for his essay-style documentaries -- playfully decodes this unofficial icon of French street culture.
0.6 A bright, intelligent souffle of a film that is both engaged and engaging, and which, like the best French confections, continually rises.
0.375 Frustratingly little light is shed on either Roth's life or his work by this series of interviews with the novelist and a curious selection of admirers.
0.6 This dully conventional biography doesn't do justice to its subject.
0.625 In spite of the film's exhaustive chronology, those who deduce from its title that they're in for an unveiling, or an unraveling, of a major literary figure may come out empty-handed.
0.6 The history of the man who gave the literary world such alternately acclaimed and vilified works as Portnoy's Complaint,Sabbath's Theater and I Married a Communist is continuously glossed over.
0.8 He is, for 90 minutes, marvelous company - expansive, funny, generous and candid.
0.875 [A] crisply filmed document.
1.0 One of the most heart-warming films ever to see
0.75 The film acts best as a depiction of Pastor Lee and his church's work for these children; the sheer number of babies they rescue and the lifestyle they provide for the ones in their care is a powerful enough message.
0.6 Average animated action tale features troubled superheroes.
0.4 It's too violent for younger viewers, but not mature enough for older ones. It's a movie trapped in between target audiences.
0.6 It's impossible not to root for these driven, high-spirited participants - and for the longevity of this invaluable program.
0.625 The real stars here are the kids themselves - all chasing after a small shiny statue, and a much larger dream.
0.5 Director Alex Rotaru could have focused more; three or four really compelling stories are scattered among a handful of others.
0.6 An inspiring, if too short and overcrowded, examination of the competition among high schools at the 90th annual Drama Teachers Association of Southern California Shakespeare Festival.
0.6 Rotaru breaks no new ground, but he doesn't have to.
0.4 Unless you really dig Glee-level displays of high-school drama geekery, you and your date may want to quickly exeunt.
0.8 The hardest thing about watching this movie is realizing that some of the kids you come to like so much, and their teams who've worked so hard, are going to lose the competition
0.75 Glee in iambic pentameter
0.9 ...fun, shamelessly heart-wrenching.
0.75 Shakespeare High follows promising young actors doing their damnedest to make old Bill Shakespeare their own.
0.6 It's a slick and reassuring follow-up, if a naggingly superficial one...
0.6 A surprisingly optimistic progress report.
0.4 Following up his 2006's Who Killed The Electric Car, film-maker Chris Paine has a more difficult task here.
0.6 Does Paine owe capitalism an apology? The market for electric cars was there, after all, and electric cars finally came along.
0.6 I await the next, more adjusting swing of the roundabout for Paine and volt-powered automotion: perhaps, The Electric Car Settles into a Median State Equidistant Between Success and Failure.
0.6 The techie stuff is light and the mood mostly optimistic, which makes for a slightly bland experience.
0.8 Here's a rarity: an environmentally themed documentary that's got a positive story to tell.
0.4 There were high hopes of a warts-and-all follow-up to Paine's first film exposing the big guns of automotive, but it hasn't materialised.
0.4 The resulting puff-piece is a warning to crusading filmmakers about what happens after they've beaten the system.
0.5 This is more superficial rah-rah than investigation. I'm sure it serves its ideological purpose, but as a documentary, it's uninspired.
0.75 "Revenge of the Electric Car" lacks the urgency of "Who Killed the Electric Car?" But Paine's thorough knowledge of his subject, and engaging way with an interview, make the follow-up film a fun ride.
0.5 As filmmaking goes, Paine's follow-up is a dud.
0.75 If you thought you'd never mist up at a nonfiction movie about plug-in autos, you're in for a surprise. This is a surprisingly emotional trip, and a very enjoyable one.
0.625 I doubt "Revenge of the Electric Car" will change any minds, but I could see it shifting them slightly, and that's not nothing.
0.75 The first film was charged with drama. "Revenge" is somewhat anticlimactically charged with a wall plug.
0.75 The movie is interesting now and, given its subject, should even be more interesting in about a hundred years. Stick around.
0.625 More hopeful but also more complex and lacking the focused urgency of the original.
0.4 Ultimately, "Revenge of the Electric Car" is like meeting with an overeager salesman. In real life, that's not necessarily an unpleasant experience, but it also doesn't last 90 minutes.
0.6 An entertaining look at the auto industry's about-face on electric cars, but a movie that could have dug deeper, especially in a political climate where one of two parties wears as a badge of honor their continued rejection of climate science.
0.7 Chalk this up with The Godfather Part II and The Empire Strikes Back as one of the few sequels that's better than the original.
0.7 Wall Street might want to take notice of how quickly tides can change.
0.75 This is still the kind of film that's probably most necessary if movies hope to play any kind of part in our cultural rehab.
0.25 Saying electric cars are "zero emission" is about as truthful as saying you don't have to kill a cow when you buy a hamburger.
0.7 In the end, "Revenge of the Electric Car" is a slick, enjoyable valentine to a retooling industry. This optimistic film lacks the outrage of the earlier work, but that's O.K. A movement needs its triumphs too.
0.4 Anybody throwing the word revenge around right now is being a tad premature.
0.75 Given Paine's penchant for B-movie-sounding titles, let's hope he gets to make it a trilogy that concludes with The Electric Car Lives!
0.7 Through the carnage and all-but-shattered dreams, Revenge of the Electric Car still manages a hopeful note, with a healthy IPO by Volt and a faster-than-expected recovery by GM.
0.6 It's a more linear and coherent work than its predecessor, but it lacks the passion and fury that made that film seem so urgent. Maybe that's just an indication of how the paradigm has shifted.
0.5 Too many important questions are never addressed, or even asked, presumably to protect corporate secrets.
0.7 An important subject with mass appeal. Read my full review.
0.6 Even political foes agree here on today's parlous state of disagreement, leaving you keen to vote but feeling a little defeated already.
0.625 As an election-season reminder that our democratic system isn't functioning, it serves as a welcome wake-up call.
0.6 As a look inside the porn industry itself, it barely scratches the surface.
0.7 An entertaining, adeptly crafted documentary that treats its provocative subject matter with refreshing respect.
0.5 Whether Grecco, with his awestruck, sycophantic narrative style is really just doing this all tongue-in-cheek or ita(TM)s a legitimate attempt to get inside the industry is debatablea"but, for as far as it goes, it works.
0.5 [Director Michael] Grecco comes across as a naive, wide-eyed kid in Wonderland, which might be sweet if it wasn't so obvious his real motivation is to make the audience feel good about buying his book.
0.8 A documentary that celebrates a cathartic act of forgiveness and reconciliation by a grieving family whose gay son was brutally murdered.
0.833333333333 Director Olivier Meyrou takes a potently oblique verite approach, and his remarkable level of access reveals the limitations and equivocal mercies of human understanding with uncommon grace.
0.8 An example of a film whose style doesn't merely suit its story but amplifies its meanings.
0.625 Through a series of interviews, we see the effect inexplicable hatred and murder has on an ordinary family.
0.8 It all has a cumulatively lulling effect, if a nightmare could ever be described so.
0.875 Paced like a drama, imbued with a spellbinding intimacy, and impressionistic in its visual portrayal of crime and punishment, it follows the 2002 murder of Francois Chenu, a gay man beaten by Nazi skinheads and left to drown in a nearby pond in Reims.
1.0 a contemplative, almost poetic examination of the proper workings of justice, and an exemplary depiction of a ruined family rebuilt on the foundations of its own humanistic values.
0.75 Olivier Meyrou may keep his distance from his subjects, but staying out of their way doesn't mean losing sight of their troubles.
0.8 It's unlikely to appeal to your mainstream moviegoer, but this French documentary achieves remarkable things with a depressing subject.
0.8 Meyrou's suitably sombre film leaves you with a sense of enormous respect for a couple refusing to be consumed by hatred, prepared instead to offer their forgiveness.
0.8 This deeply moving account of a French family's response to a needless tragedy is all the more effective as it eschews the sensationalism of so much modern reportage.
0.6 The settings are mundane, but the exchanges are emotionally raw and so neatly convey both the drama and the grinding daily routine of having to cope with tragedy.
1.0 It offers a fascinating peek into the (not always glamorous) life of a Hollywood big shot. Full of insight, meaty tidbits, and not without humor, this documentary is one of the best.
0.8 Truly a gripping story, but for mature teens only.
0.8 Evans e uma figura fascinante, e e justamente sua narracao em off, associada a otima edicao, que transforma este documentario em um acido depoimento sobre Hollywood.
0.55 But for film buffs at least, Evans's vivid story will make them feel nostalgic for this period of Hollywood history.
0.875 Click to read review
0.625 It's fairly absorbing, because tales of rise and fall usually are, but it's not very accomplished as a piece of cinema.
1.0 I'm willing to bet ... that I don't see another [documentary] this year as richly entertaining or as cathartic.
1.0 Brilliantly crafted documentary about Hollywood legend Robert Evans may not be the unvarnished truth, but it is great, glossy fun.
0.875 If you love flamboyant people, movies or -- especially -- flamboyant movie people, don't miss The Kid Stays in the Picture.
0.875 remarkable in the sense that, for all his self-aggrandizing tendencies, Evans conveys himself as both powerful and vulnerable, still a Hollywood myth of grand proportions, but also a human being
0.8 What works best is the candid nature of Evans' remarks , which often reveal more than Evans himself probably intended.
0.75 ...it's a shame that [film]'s only appreciative audience might be those of us with memories deep enough to recall the rise and fall and rise again of one of the industry's true crap-shooting visionaries.
0.8 A self-narrated, blatantly lop-sided, cocky, nonchalant, fascinating and juicily entertaining documentary.
0.8 This movie is more fun than many of those tall tales that Hollywood calls feature films.
0.8 Its unbridled spirit and (especially) visual style shuttle us through the corridor of Evans' memories with sufficient force to leave us in a state of happy exhaustion.
0.6 Engrossing ... but ultimately felt more like a vanity project/tribute to the man than any kind of objective, well-rounded documentary.
0.83 The Kid Stays in the Picture is not simply an informative documentary. It is a witty, funny, wildly entertaining, and often poignant look at the last man to truly control Tinseltown.
0.8 A blessed gift to film geeks and historians. If the '70's were your idea of a good time at the movies, this will make you very happy.
0.7 A whole lot of fun.
0.75 Evans' narration (taken from the memoirs and compiled by Morgen) makes it consistently interesting.
0.875 There's a disreputable air about the whole thing, and that's what makes it irresistible.
0.75 Even at his most obnoxious, Evans remains a fascinating figure.
0.75 One of the best inside-show-biz yarns ever.
1.0 For a life lived boldly and productively if imperfectly, Robert Evans deserves this trenchant, revealing, vastly entertaining documentary.
1.0 Giddy, absurdly entertaining account of Evans' rise and fall in the movie biz.
0.75 While the now 72-year-old Robert Evans been slowed down by a stroke, he has at least one more story to tell: his own.
0.7 Though it's equally solipsistic in tone, the movie has enough vitality to justify the notion of creating a screen adaptation of Evans' saga of Hollywood excess.
0.6 This is classic Hollywood, at its best and worst, sticky rich and scabrous.
0.875 This kid certainly stayed in the picture and was resilient enough to stick around and witness the rolling ending credits of his own tantalizing production.
0.875 For movie lovers, it's like an aging Lancelot reminiscing about Camelot.
0.8 Should delight anyone who ever wondered how Tinseltown really works.
0.7 I was pleasantly surprised by how fascinating this documentary is.
0.6 Gossip-magazine -level material but still this a compelling biographical documentary.
1.0 This uniquely fascinating and robustly entertaining documentary is a raffish, rollicking masterpiece of first-person myth-making.
1.0 This documentary is a dazzling, remarkably unpretentious reminder of what [Evans] had, lost, and got back.
0.875 An entertaining, slickly produced, and eminently satisfying biopic of movie mogul Robert Evans.
0.6 A terrific insider look at the star-making machinery of tinseltown.
0.75 A wildly entertaining scan of Evans' career.
0.75 A little like being stuck at a fellow's deathbed, listening to him gas and gas about his life -- only in this case, the guy turns out to be fascinating.
0.75 A terrific pseudo-documentary that's so engaging, entertaining and fascinating that you won't notice its message of dealing with whatever life might throw your way. But you'll certainly feel it afterwards.
1.0 It's the very best kind of documentary -- an irresistible story, creatively and elegantly told.
0.8 Hugely entertaining from start to finish, featuring a fall from grace that still leaves shockwaves, it will gratify anyone who has ever suspected Hollywood of being overrun by corrupt and hedonistic weasels.
1.0 Implicitly acknowledges and celebrates the glorious chicanery and self-delusion of this most American of businesses, and for that reason it may be the most oddly honest Hollywood document of all.
0.8 A near-perfect mix of sly comic moments and remarkable stories about some of the most famous films ever made.
0.875 It's one of the most honest films ever made about Hollywood.
0.75 The best thing the film does is to show us not only what that mind looks like, but how the creative process itself operates.
0.875 By the end of the film, one suspects that you'd have a hard time finding an audience member who wouldn't love to sit down for a drink with the guy.
0.75 An incredibly entertaining movie.
0.75 A stylish, be-boppy portrait of a true individual with his own, invented vocabulary ... and his own, semi-invented take on the events of his life.
0.625 The movie's high points ... are the ones when he's most fervently selling himself, as in the delightful scene where we see Evans rescue his job (and his studio) with a suave promo film/presentation directed by Mike Nichols.
1.0 Watching [it], one of the best movies of the year, is pure bliss.
1.0 A virtual roller-coaster ride of glamour and sleaze.
0.5 ...the film equivalent of a book-on-tape.
0.8 The audience can't tell where the embellishing is, nor should it care -- the portrait Evans paints is involving and entertaining.
0.875 Witty, charming, ultimately empathetic portrait of a once-upon-a-time industry titan.
0.75 [Morgen and Burstein] reinvigorate the usual menu of archival footage with a 3-D cutout style that imbues inert black and white stills with a playful, camp dynamism.
0.875 It's Bob's story, and he's so good and so experienced at telling it, you wouldn't want to ride through hell with anyone but him as your tour guide.
0.8 This real-life Hollywood fairy-tale is more engaging than the usual fantasies Hollywood produces.
0.75 Unabashedly subjective but deliciously entertaining biopic.
0.6 A snazzy kick -- it's never less than hugely entertaining -- that should in no way be mistaken for an unbiased account.
0.8 One of the funniest, and most telling, films of the year.
0.8 A witty, colorful and poignant account of the life and times of producer Robert Evans.
0.75 A documentary history of chutzpah presented in the language of oily success by a beast who knows the value of a good story told well.
0.75 Robert Evans's career in the film business makes us realize why young women would rather date producers than high school teachers.
0.4 A little objectivity could have gone a long way.
0.8 Cutie and the Boxer is an often quiet, almost fragile piece of cinema that presents us with a spiky and unglamorous relationship, still full of love. It's a beautiful and humane documentary.
0.8 [Heinzerling's] languorous explorations of the couple's chaotic home find the details of their sexual and intellectual intimacy in the debris of their relationship, the collected treasures and half finished, discarded fragments of ideas.
0.8 The film (cough) paints a compelling portrait of a true eccentric with a vast gulf between his dreams and his powers.
0.7 Noticed by Oscar voters, this offbeat documentary explores the life of two colourful artists who have an unusual marriage.
1.0 Bifurcated biopic about a long-suffering wife who, against her better judgment, put her own career aspirations on hold for decades for the sake of an abusive, alcoholic artist who took her for granted.
0.875 The resulting portrait, of a marriage enduring through change, is funny and touching.
0.75 The only way you'll get a more intimate view of a marriage than the one in Cutie and the Boxer is if you're in it and maybe not even then.
1.0 There are plenty of eccentric couples in the art world, but few compare to Ushio and Noriko Shinohara, the fascinating pair at the centre of Cutie And The Boxer.
0.7 Focused on the nitty-gritty reality of the creative life, as well as the people it holds captive and tortures, Cutie and the Boxer offers unprecedented insight into what makes an artist an artist.
0.8 This charming feature doc offers an anatomy of a marriage.
0.75 The viewer begins to wonder if this is a love story or a hate story -- or if there's a difference
0.6 This works best as a portrait of a marriage, as Ushio and nimble wife Noriko rattle around their dank flat trying to keep the love strong as the water drips and the bailiffs thump.
0.6 For all its miseries, Cutie and the Boxer - interweaving archive footage with contemporary discontents - ends up arguing strongly for the power of love.
0.6 Alternating between intimacy and intrusion, this is a revealing, affectionate and occasionally charming insight into a creative partnership.
0.6 The couple are thriving, but, given what we learn about Alex, the up-beat ending jars.
0.8 Engaging, fly-on-the-wall documentary that paints an intriguing portrait of the artistic process and offers a fascinating glimpse into the workings of a 40 year old marriage, with all its attendant ups and downs.
0.4 This doc about a bickering husband-and-wife artist team feels like its drama has been forced by the filmmakers.
0.8 Bohemianism and marriage are both for life in this alternately rueful and whimsical documentary about expat Japanese artist couple Ushio and Noriko Shinohara.
0.8 The film is both touching and funny.
0.6 It's a touching film and a fascinating glimpse into one of those couples you can't quite believe are still together.
0.8 The simple approach teases fascinating parallels between art and marriage: essential to both, it seems, are a thick skin and an optimism verging on madness.
0.8 A painful, powerful portrait of the struggle and sacrifice required to create, and the cost that it can demand.
0.875 The story of an extraordinary marriage between two people bound together by their artistic impulse.
0.7 The takeaway from the bickering and paint splatter is that the couple's feisty commitment to one another is an art unto itself.
0.75 A lively double portrait of Ushio and Noriko Shinohara, two Brooklyn-based artists who, after 40 years of marriage, are still creating side by side, and tormenting each other.
0.75 More than anything, the film expresses - at an almost subconscious level - the difficulties of discerning not only what real art is, but also what true love is all about.
0.6 Heinzerling allows us to read whatever we want into this picture. The endless struggle for money and professional recognition is either a curse or a raison d'etre.
0.875 "Cutie and the Boxer" takes this tale of two artists and tells it with style and wit ...
0.875 Heinzerling captures candid, touching moments that illustrate the awe-inspiring power of love and acceptance.
1.0 Directed with invention and insight by Zachary Heinzerling ...
0.6 They're oddly adorable and painfully awkward ...
0.75 Slyly comments on the ironies of the past half century in contemporary art.
0.875 Movies twice as long are often half as eloquent.
0.75 The film neither simplifies the troubled relationship nor pushes us to take sides, but asks us to observe the complexities of their life together.
0.75 A long-running, barely functioning marriage, starving artists and the whole "Emperor's New Clothes" nature of the New York art scene, all in one film
0.95 Equally heartbreaking and heartwarming. It's one of the best love stories in years.
1.0 "Cutie and the Boxer," like all truly noteworthy films, takes you by surprise with its unexpected twists and revelations.
0.875 All that footage has been organized into a compact, graceful story arc.
0.875 The portrait of a marriage in full, rife with compromises, misunderstandings, angry moments and tender scenes filled with the affection amassed over four decades.
0.8 A movie that makes you feel less like a spectator than a guest, a friend welcomed into the home of an odd and fascinating couple.
0.8 Working as director and cinematographer, Heinzerling earned the couple's trust before turning his camera on their days and nights. But once that camera was running, there was no blinking, no turning away.
0.6 They express love and vivaciousness, at once seeming like any couple walking down the street and yet unlike anyone you're lucky enough to spend time with.
0.8 A top-drawer documentary about two artists who prove that some marriages can mysteriously add up to be more than the sum of their parts.
0.7 Cutie And The Boxer chronicles a marriage that's extraordinary in many ways, and ordinary in one-it's a constant work in progress.
0.8 Except for the fact that one of them makes a living by slamming paint-dipped boxing gloves into canvas, Ushio and Noriko Shinohara could be any elderly couple-which is how documentarian Zachary Heinzerling treats them.
0.9 Love is a battlefield, but it's a war worth fighting for in this fantastic doco
0.95 A great triumph that refuses to color within typical emotional lines.
0.75 Funny, moving, honest, and occasionally inspiring, but as a portrait of a talent emerging from the shadow of a more public talent, the scale of the shadow is curiously omitted.
0.72 Heinzerling combines Noriko's drawings with contemporary footage to create a story that isn't only a tale of creative minds, but an honest love story.
0.4 This movie has confirmed my suspicion that people need to leave Hunter S. Thompson's story alone for a while.
0.77 Gonzo's brilliance is in showing Thompson warts and all, without taking anything away from his greatness even as it shows his many deficiencies.
0.9 Alex Gibney's documentary about bad boy journalist Dr. Hunter S. Thompson is both a memorial exaltation and a lament. Gibney's masterful style balances verite and dramatic effect. He doesn't doesn't tell you what to think, but spurs you to think.
0.8 A definitive, accessible, even inspiring screen biography put together with thought and vitality.
0.666666666667 The film's plea that we need Thompson now more than ever is a little misty-eyed: Thompson's day was long gone by the time he put a gun to his head.
0.9 Much like the man himself, it's quite a piece of work.
0.8 Gonzo is much more than a tribute to a maverick and genuine pioneer. It's a lament for the gaping hole that Thompson left behind. The only obvious weakness is Gibney's reluctance to engage fully with Thompson's toxic personal life.
0.6 This documentary about his life by Alex Gibney, though entertaining in many ways, is oddly uninterested in his strengths or otherwise as a writer, the very gift for which Thompson earnestly wished to be known.
0.6 Director Alex Gibney has plundered 200 hours of audiotapes, hundreds of photos and personal testimony from an impressive roster of Thompson's colleagues and family to put together an even-handed portrait.
0.6 A straight-line journey through the good doctor's loopy myth and madness, but one that doesn't push far enough into uncharted territory. Fine as a primer, but Gibney leans more towards admiration than examination.
0.6 The film is content to laugh affectionately at Thompson's bad boy exploits, giggle at the impatience of a man who went hunting boar with a sub machine-gun.
0.4 This soft-headed hagiography is a disappointment, and at least half an hour too long.
0.8 Gibney says the film took so much out of him that he limped into the Sundance Festival with a ruptured disc, a green liver and spots in his eyes that will not disappear. I hope he now thinks it worth the trouble. I'm pretty sure watchers will.
0.8 Superbly directed, hugely entertaining documentary that's a treat for both newcomers and aficionados of Thompson's work.
0.9 With a wealth of archive material, documentary filmmaker Gibney assembles a remarkably astute and comprehensive look at the life of one of the most notorious journalists in American history.
0.8 a seminal work of talking head biography
0.8 Gonzo is an excellent reminder that Thompson was more than just a wild man. He was, at least for a time, a first-rate writer who covered his times and helped shape them.
0.6 [Gibney] is never quite able to get beyond the familiar in order to give viewers a new and penetrating look at the subject of Thompson and his work.
0.5 Too much time in this overly long film is spent on minutiae.
0.875 The rare documentary that puts you in a headlock to pin you to your seat, Gonzo: The Life and Work of Dr. Hunter S. Thompson is a bracing masterpiece.
0.8 Gibney thus has to negotiate a treacherous path. Its easy to romanticize a larger-than-life personality like Dr. Hunter S. Thompson, gonzo journalist, and it makes for compelling viewing. However, Dr. Hunter S. Thompson, gonzo journalist, was not exactly
0.6 The movie is full of itself and fun but nonessential.
0.6 I wanted more unearthed footage. But if you are looking for a tribute to the man, you won't find anything better.
1.0 Filmmaker Alex Gibney had access to those who knew the guy, the famous, the infamous and the obscure, and he paints a picture of a serious journalist who saw himself documenting 'the death of the American Dream.'
0.75 As informative as parts of it are, the movie is not nearly as colorful as longtime Aspen, Colo., resident Thompson.
0.75 In the manner of such key Thompson works as 'Fear and Loathing on the Campaign Trail '72,' the movie links entertaining personal biography with fascinating cultural history...
0.85 As a diverting documentary, Gonzo lives up to its subject matter - it is indulgent and witty, filled with a thousand little insights and ultimately sad. Thompson seemed obscure to his family, cartoonishly overblown to his friends.
0.75 Far more insightful than typical rose-colored-glasses eulogizing, the subjects are as brutally honest about Thompson's successes and shortcomings as Thompson was as a writer.
0.6 Gonzo director Gibney frees himself from the heady topicality of his recent documentaries...and dives right down into the deep -- and dark -- end.
0.625 [Director] Gibney assembles a wealth of Thompson memorabilia and first-person interviews for this often insightful and sometimes overly indulgent chronicle.
0.8 Reading his books will give you better insight, but it's hard to imagine a better primer into Thompson's outlaw life.
0.625 I was curious to see why we needed a two-hour documentary about the three-hit wonder who cast away his career halfway through life and coasted on celebrity status for 30 years. After seeing Gonzo, I'm still not convinced we do.
0.75 An amused and affectionate look at the writer who formed a crucial link between the New Journalism of the 1960s and today's blogosphere.
0.625 At its worst, the film takes a long detour into Thompson's admiration for an utterly banal 1974 Carter speech (The Powerful were sticking it to The People again) as a way to make us feel virtuous, political and leftish.
0.75 Thompson created a rebellious niche for himself in a business that more often than you might think channels its writers into conformist routine.
0.7 It's nice to be reminded, as Shakespeare taught us, that truth comes from the most unexpected places, even the booze-ree
0.5 If you really want to understand and appreciate [Thompson], you'd be better off reading his books.
0.75 Neatly balancing full-hearted celebration with evenhanded examination.
0.6 Doctor's orders: "Buy the ticket, take the ride" with Gonzo.
0.9 Gonzo is a painstaking account of a man who was more and, ultimately, less than the infamous Raoul Duke.
0.875 May not be the definitive doc for which Thompson's fans may be hoping, but it is a worthy contribution to the ongoing popular legend of a distinctive American personality.
0.875 It is all you could wish for in a doc about the man. But it leaves you wondering, how was it that so many people liked this man who does not seem to have liked himself? And what about the hangovers?
0.75 Gibney also wants to honor what it was that made Thompson a celebrity in the first place: his brilliant, blotto writing, and his ability to smell out the liars and the hypocrites and expose them for the feral beasts that they were.
0.7 Gonzo is a fascinating history lesson and a bit of a cautionary tale about how fame can turn into the scourge of talent.
0.625 The documentary doubles as a jukebox of banality.
0.75 It's a fond warts-and-all portrait of a writer who stands alongside Jack Kerouac and Walt Whitman as an American original.
0.75 Accessible, entertaining and hugely kinetic, packed with memorable songs from Bob Dylan, Jimi Hendrix and many more icons of Thompson's era.
0.875 Gonzo: The Life and Work of Dr. Hunter S. Thompson is a mesmerizing look at the mythic quality and anarchic spirit of the irreverent and rabble-rousing journalist.
0.8 While Gonzo makes a familiar case, that Thompson frequently lost himself in celebrity, it also argues for his legacy, not cynicism but optimism.
0.666666666667 Gonzo: The Life and Work of Dr. Hunter S. Thompson is a valuable reclamation of the political from the personal.
0.7 Just enough relevancy to lift the cable-ready doc above the Biography norm, even though the filmmaking could've used a little more of Thompson's renegade spirit.
0.8 Another fine addition to Gibney's filmography that successfully achieves its purposes, despite the extended tangent into the '72 election that almost derails it.
0.875 The good doctor is family around these parts, so cheers to Alex Gibney for not screwing up this mesmerizing documentary about the people, places and substances that altered the mind and battered heart of the Kentucky-born inventor of gonzo journalism.
0.875 Over the course of its 118 minutes, the film delves into enough uncomfortable, tantalizing mix-and-match material that even Dr. Gonzo might have approved.
0.75 Its heady mix of excess and inquiry doesn't really take off until the reptiles overrunning the Casino Strip go from projections of a substance-lubricated brain to manifestations of journalistic fury.
0.75 It is at once a celebration of a genre-busting writer/rabble-rouser, and an elegy for a time period when a freak like Thompson could get access to political leaders and actually affect some kind of radical change.
0.6 Story about life's turning points is not for kids.
0.6 Miller has made a provocative, intimate triptych of short stories.
0.4 Miller's film is bold and hearty, but it's also a ham-fisted wallop to the senses.
0.8 All three women deliver remarkable performances.
0.4 One of the most highly-praised disappointments I've had the misfortune to watch in quite some time.
0.5 A stuffy bore, filled with amateurish psychological 'insights' that make it seem like a more-ambitious -- and infinitely more pretentious -- Lifetime channel cable movie.
0.75 None of the three stories has much narrative breadth ... but there is depth.
0.625 Confuses its message with an ultimate desire to please, and contorting itself into an idea of expectation is the last thing any of these three actresses, nor their characters, deserve.
0.75 Together, Miller, Kuras and the actresses make Personal Velocity into an intricate, intimate and intelligent journey.
0.7 Personal Velocity seems tailor-made for art-house audiences. It still cradles that short-story essence...but takes it to a place that stretches just beyond the page.
0.875 It's a short film, but it takes us deep inside each woman's head; by the end of each segment, we can look at each character's face and know what she's thinking.
1.0 Very psychoanalytical -- provocatively so -- and also refreshingly literary.
0.875 These are complex characters.
0.75 Redeemed by the fine performances and by the moody and effective digital photography of Ellen Kuras.
0.7 Terrific casting and solid execution give all three stories life.
0.75 As a work of fiction Miller's film doesn't always have the maturity to stand up to its own convictions, but Sedgwick, Posey, and Balk make the whole experience worthwhile.
0.75 Each individual, self-contained segment serves as testament to Miller's strengths as a storyteller.
0.2 Ventimiglia yammers constantly about what the characters did, why they did it, and what they thought at the time and later.
0.8 Writer/director Rebecca Miller has learned something significant about craft at her father's knee. Kyra Sedgewick is a standout.
0.875 Delia, Greta, and Paula rank as three of the most multilayered and sympathetic female characters of the year. As each of them searches for their place in the world, Miller digs into their very minds to find an unblinking, flawed humanity.
0.875 Those wondering if movies still have power to shock need only watch the first few minutes of Rebecca Miller's lovely, free-swinging film Personal Velocity.
0.5 A hit-and-miss affair.
0.875 With tightly organized efficiency, numerous flashbacks and a constant edge of tension, Miller's film is one of 2002's involvingly adult surprises.
0.875 My thoughts were focused on the characters. That is a compliment to Kuras and Miller. If I had been thinking about the visual medium, they would have been doing something wrong.
0.5 Velocity represents everything wrong with ''independent film'' as a commodified, sold-out concept on the American filmmaking scene.
0.6 Featuring decent to strong performances and stories, the film has its moments. Yet, the segmented/fragmented format undermines the effort, no matter the loose, connective theme.
0.875 Boasts the finest female ensemble of the year.
0.75 Keenly observed triptych.
0.625 Taken individually or collectively, the stories never add up to as much as they promise.
0.875 Makes you feel like you're reading a great compendium of short stories in which vibrant images literally burst from the pages.
0.7 Miller gets away with stuff that other filmmakers are crucified for (too much narration, that pretentious title) because her characters are so well observed.
0.8 A movie that sets certain strict parameters for itself in terms of time, dramatic focus and technique, and then works modest but striking wonders within those self-imposed limitations.
0.6 Artfully shot on digital video, Miller's film benefits from an improvisational approach that allows three solid actresses a chance to invent their characters as they go along.
0.75 A drama that HBO would be proud to present on cable -- a drama that's often insightful and occasionally powerful but is still, at heart, a piece of television and not a work of film.
0.75 The three main subjects of Personal Velocity prove so vivid and haunting, they leave you wondering why other aspects of the movie don't rise to their level.
0.8 A movie that at its best doesn't just make the most out of its characters' flaws but insists on the virtue of imperfection.
0.3 This hammer-home-the-message female empowerment triptych takes bite-sized epiphanies and blows them up into thirty-minute Sundance Channel confections.
0.375 Woefully pretentious.
0.75 Intelligent chick flick.
0.9 Even when the movie is over, the psychological physics of Personal Velocity will remain in your head.
0.7 All three actresses are simply dazzling, particularly Balk, who's finally been given a part worthy of her considerable talents.
0.5 Personal Velocity ought to be exploring these women's inner lives, but it never moves beyond their surfaces.
0.5 Too often, the grainy digital video format deters from the strong performances.
0.4 Nothing really happens besides self-introspection and escape, which can be interesting, but here isn't.
0.9 The perfect blend of image and narrative.
0.75 ...creates a visceral sense of its characters' lives and conflicted emotions that carries it far above...what could have been a melodramatic, Lifetime Channel-style anthology.
0.48 Even on those rare occasions when the narrator stops yammering, Miller's hand often feels unsure.
0.75 The acting is uniformly excellent, with Kyra Sedgwick and Fairuza Balk in particular deserving to be singled out for praise.
0.8 It's not trying to be an 'issue' film, nor does it consciously manipulate you to think about any cataclysmic transcendentalist theorizing, but that's precisely why it may be so effective in emotional resonance.
0.75 A trio of stories that make you think: 'Did I ever have a sudden revelation like these 3 women, one that changed my life?
0.375 With a tighter editorial process and firmer direction this material could work, especially since the actresses in the lead roles are all more than competent, but as is, Personal Velocity seems to be idling in neutral.
0.7 An intensely moving and oftentimes haunting film.
0.625 A minor work yet there's no denying the potency of Miller's strange, fleeting brew of hopeful perseverance and hopeless closure.
0.7 With each of her three protagonists, Miller eloquently captures the moment when a woman's life, out of a deep-seated, emotional need, is about to turn onto a different path.
