0.75 Uniformly hilarious and entertaining.
0.8 You pretty much have to like Will Ferrell to like Talladega Nights, it's his film through and through. But if you do, you're in for a ride.
0.75 Talladega starts out slow, picks up speed in the middle, and nearly crashes and burns in the end.
0.6 The script by Ferrell and director Adam McKay, a parody of sports biopics, takes the same freewheeling approach that served them well on Anchorman, but with a more mean-spirited edge.
0.8 Showcases Will Ferrell's comedy genius to perfection.
0.6 i concur with everything bobby has to say about highlander
0.875 Will Ferrell and director/writing collaborator Adam McKay have carved out a comfortable comic niche in taking confidently clueless oafs and pulling the rug out from under the core of resolutely prototypical alpha male existence.
0.5 Check your brain at the box-office to enjoy this brand of politically-incorrect hilarity poking fun mostly at gays, women and the French, all aimed at a redneck crowd with an average I.Q. of about 75.
0.75 In Talladega, Mr. Ferrell finds his best role to date.
0.25 Riddled with blatant product placement. Blades of Glory is better. Ferrell can't save this one. Sacha adds little.
0.75 The white-trash, child-neglect, feel-good NASCAR comedy of the year (the one without the talking cars).
0.6 Ferrell e seus parceiros se mostram sempre dispostos a estender uma cena ate que ela eventualmente se torne engracada %u2013 e, por incrivel que pareca, esta tatica funciona com frequencia.
0.875 A film that will keep you laughing from beginning to end (including the credits), "Talladega Nights" is the most fun you can have this summer at 200 miles per hour!
0.75 ...It's hard not to be amused by the scene-stealing supporting cast.
0.8 Anchorman director Adam McKay has assembled a terrific cast and his hilarious script (co-written with Ferrell) ensures that each of the characters has their own funny moment.
0.4 Some of the jokes here are funny. Most are not, while the characters are simply too silly to make us give two hoots about them. Worse, the movie collapses under the weight of a ton of syrup in the second half.
0.6 Probably best viewed with a six-pack on hand.
0.8 Much like its star, Talladega Nights is erratic, infuriating and very, very funny.
0.4 On the Ferrellometer, Talladega Nights sits just above Kicking & Screaming, when it should be redlining it up there with Anchorman.
0.4 There are laughs to be had within Talladega Nights but they're certainly not worth the money a trip to the cinema will surely cost.
0.5 The film plays like an episode of Saturday Night Live, with the same character tying together various sketches poking fun at Southerners, psychosomatic diseases, NASCAR fans, people who pray, product placement, the French, and sports movies.
0.7 One of the most interesting concepts in American movies this year: The French Nascar driver who is just a compilation of American stereotypes of "Frenchness."
0.8 As ballads tend to be, this one was at times, slow and annoying, but it is worth the watch.
0.625 Whilst many times it goes for the obvious and is often inconsistent, moments of inspired genius often yield hilarity
0.75 While the movie does veer somewhat close to sentimentality a few times, it always manages to steer away from it at the last moment.
0.875 Most comedies these days try too hard to be funny. Talladega Nights simply tries to be funny without being obvious.
0.5 . . . it does have a few inspired comedic moments, but to get to those gems, you have to sit through an awful lot of flat, failed comedy set-ups.
0.625 Gets good mileage out of its jokes, and has a sturdier frame than previous models
0.4 Well, if you liked Anchorman: The Legend of Ron Burgundy, you'll probably love Talladega Nights: The Ballad of Ricky Bobby. I did not like Anchorman.
0.625 There's the lovable, semi-literate stupidity of Will Ferrell's 'Anchorman' ... and then there's just plain stupid.
0.875 ... even if Talladega Nights occasionally undercuts its satiric comments by genuinely celebrating the race sequences, this cultural phenomenon receives a scathingly funny treatment.
0.75 Don't even get me started on the Highlander quips.
0.4 The existence of movies like Talladega Nights is, I believe, the reason that intelligent life from other planets seem to prefer not visiting here.
0.4 Just like NASCAR ... dumb as a post ...
0.75 The movie's second half gives Ferrell what he scarcely had at the beginning: funny performers playing off him.
0.6 Silly, squealing spoof of dopey daredevils who clearly have a few lug nuts loose.
0.625 Will Ferrell's subversive middle finger at NASCAR is tall and occasionally hilarious, but only intermittently smarter than what that gesture implies.
0.625 A Will Ferrell vehicle customized with some potentially provocative red states satire and a message that so-called cutting and running may be smarter than winning at any cost.
0.375 Ferrell drives his semi-improvised routines into the ground, while Cohen's turn as a flaming gay driver from France is a total wreck.
0.875 The first movie this summer (heck, this year) to call itself a comedy and remember to deliver enormous laughs.
0.5 Will Ferrell running around practically naked is good for a laugh once per film, and Talladega delivers on that score&mdash;he's semi-naked and he thinks he's on fire.
0.8 It's the cinematic equivalent of a muscle car reconstructed exclusively from salvage parts that not only runs but wins street races.
0.75 Ferrell commits to each and every one of his characters, no matter how silly they may be, and the result is pure comedy gold.
0.875 Talladega Nights: The Ballad of Ricky Bobby finds Will Ferrell in top form and in the right big-screen vehicle, delivering one of the funniest movies of the year.
0.6 Imagine attending a NASCAR race with the funniest, wildest person you know. Sure, you might get hot and a little overwhelmed, but you'd laugh a lot and would never regret the experience.
0.7 If you want your wild and crazy Will Ferrell, look for him elsewhere. But if you just want a few laughs from a movie that you know everyone's going to enjoy, Ricky Bobby's definitely your man.
0.75 No wonder Will Ferrell has people racing out to see his movies.
0.875 A celebration of the dysfunction of being an American--of the possibility of being simultaneously proud and mortified of ourselves.
0.0 It's physically painful to have to sit in a theater for more than 90 minutes and be continually assaulted by such drivel as Ferrell puts on the screen.
0.625 Talladega Nights is a tighter, more structured film than Anchorman, which is probably both to its advantage and determent.
0.8 Talladega Nights is the summer comedy winner that clocks more laughs per minute than any other!
0.75 Ferrell and McKay crafted their screenplay like a collection of one-liners from outer space; bizarre asides, comments and insults get us to laugh with their suddenness as well as their uniqueness.
0.7 More fun than it should be.
0.75 The perfect tonic to this summer's bloated, special effects-driven extravaganzas, Talladega Nights: The Ballad of Ricky Bobby crosses the finish line with flying colors.
0.5 ...there's simply no getting around the pervading feeling of mediocrity that's been hard-wired into the proceedings.
0.6 Talladega is sort of an Anchorman Lite... It's still funny, but not as often.
0.875 Ferrell is at his dimbulb best, but still allows enough breathing room for a cast of comedic artists to get at least one major laugh for themselves.
0.8 This Will Ferrell vehicle ... is essentially chucking javelins at good ol' American redneckery.
0.7 This is the kind of mindless comedy that works best in the summer, where you come in from the heat and just want to sit back and laugh.
0.625 By so often falling back on Ferrell's no-holds-barred foolishness, Talladega Nights seems to be driving in circles.
0.625 a funny movie, but doesn't quite live up to its potential.
0.5 One of those movies that features end-credit outtakes that are much funnier than the film that preceded them, this endearing but messy assortment of gags just doesn't merit a full-price ticket.
0.625 This is a movie that will do anything for a laugh, but rarely feels desperate for it.
0.375 Crashes and burns as it tries to garner laughs out of poorly edited and decidedly threadbare material.
0.85 Pray to Tom Cruise and Oprah Winfrey that Ferrell keeps making silly movies like this.
0.75 The film's consistent ticklishness frequently breaks out into uproarious set pieces.
0.4 This isn't a movie, it's an infomercial, and one with an honest-to-god Applebee's commercial that airs during the movie itself.
0.6 A perfectly entertaining collection of jokes.
0.625 Excuse the viewers if they fall asleep at the wheel.
0.7 Lots and lots of bargain basement humor, mostly coming at the expense of NASCAR, their fans, the South, and the easiest (and lamest) target in the world: The French.
0.75 The actors each do their part to rev up the silly fun, whether it's Reilly's goofy 'shake and bake' slogan, Cohen's absurd French accent or Ferrell's graceless physicality
0.875 Ferrell has the doughy indolence of the dimwits he often plays, but you can see in his eyes that he's always looking for the joke.
0.7 Will Ferrell as a NASCAR driver? You just don't get any funnier than that.
0.75 Though the movie about a moronic NASCAR racer overall is uneven and Ricky Bobby's saga lacks focus, the stupid-comical banter and the lampooning of this particular brand of car racing proves entertaining.
0.75 Gentlemen and ladies, start your engines -- really. Will Ferrell's NASCAR comedy is worth getting revved up over, though non-Ferrell fans will be unimpressed no matter how many times he strips to his skivvies.
0.5 Ferrell and his writing partner Adam McKay (who also directs, as he did Anchorman) are utterly without shame in their eagerness to recycle old ideas. This pair could make a blue box jealous.
0.75 You know those comedies where all the good parts are in the trailer? Talladega Nights: The Ballad of Ricky Bobby isn't one of them.
0.8 A smoothly, bizarrely entertaining comedy that mixes your traditional underdog farce with Ferrell's unique sense of ... strangeness.
0.625 The hilarious everyman riffs and contagious fun are reason enough to fuel up on such a wonderfully throwaway gag-fest.
0.75 Talladega Nights is very funny at times, even if the Ballad part mostly boils down to a series of comedy sketches connected by a recurring character.
0.75 The picture gets a bit long near the finish. But comedies live and die on the basis of their laugh quotient, and Talladega Nights gets its share.
0.75 Somewhere between a warm buddy's embrace of earthy turf and a sneering grin at the slob underbelly of America, the comedy has traction. It's like the crop from a seed that Burt Reynolds lobbed into a spittoon, years ago.
0.625 The laughs come and go, but Ferrell makes NASCAR his bitch funny. Funnier. And more fun. And then the fun skids to a stop.
0.8 f you've been waiting for a summer comedy that's generally worth your popcorn, then filmgoers, start your engines.
0.4 [Director] McKay has made another wildly uneven, PG-13-that-could-be-R comedy that veers from explosively funny, overlong improvs (a Southern-fried dinner prayer to 'Dear Baby Jesus') to black holes from which no laugh can escape.
0.75 Ferrell reteams with director Adam McKay (Anchorman) for another gleefully trashy comedy.
0.75 Whoo, mama: Will Ferrell and NASCAR do make a purty pair. They go together like peanut butter and fried bananas in Talladega Nights: The Ballad of Ricky Bobby.
0.75 Like a 30-car pileup on the high banks at Daytona, you can't take your eyes off this mess, and it is a rambunctious entertainment.
0.75 It's a briskly paced, reliably funny and surprisingly sweet portrait of a colorful subculture, and its improvisational impulses strain against the hood of a sturdily designed storyline.
0.625 'What does diablo mean?' 'It's like Spanish for fighting chicken.' If you cracked so much as a shell of a smile reading that, then run, don't walk, to see Talladega Nights, where you will get an entire year's worth of equally irresistible nonsense.
0.75 NASCAR comedy finds the sweet spot between cartoonish silliness and racing culture send-up. Some good crashes, too.
0.5 Talladega is full of fun moments and funny performances that are more engaging as bits than as a cohesive narrative.
0.625 If you can delight in the delight of others, you just may delight in this. Otherwise, prepare to be awfully jealous, because it's the sort of picture where the actors are having a lot more fun than the audience.
0.5 It is missing parts, has screws loose, repeatedly threatens to run out of gas and even crashes-and-burns in a few brutal scenes.
0.875 Talladega is the first comedy this year to make me laugh so hard I snorted.
0.5 NASCAR fans will likely love Talladega Nights, which may be a glowing endorsement or a warning sign, depending on the viewer.
0.625 This mildly crude yet oddly tame tale about a NASCAR hotshot who burns rubber to the top of the pole before having a speedway blowout runs on underinflated tires.
0.875 Like Little Miss Sunshine, Ricky Bobby is impeccably cast and performed, from the starring roles to small parts.
0.5 'Mediocre' is an apt description for any of Will Ferrell's sloppy, casually funny comedies, especially Talladega Nights: The Ballad of Ricky Bobby.
0.4 Talladega Nights spins out early and never recovers.
0.75 Talladega Nights: The Ballad of Ricky Bobby is the sort of cheerfully asinine comedy that twists your arm until you submit. So, to Will Ferrell -- clown, freak, bully -- I scream, 'Uncle!'
0.6 Whether the engine on Talladega Nights is humming or sputtering, Ferrell stays gamely behind the wheel.
0.8 As a cultural artifact, Talladega Nights is both completely phony and, therefore, utterly authentic. Or, to put it differently: this movie is the real thing.
0.875 Talladega Nights is the rare comedy that manages to be funny and witty.
0.5 We're left ho-humming our way through one obligatory scene after another and wincing through a sting of failed gags until the next bit comes along that tickles our funny bone.
0.75 The absurdly funny Talladega Nights: The Ballad of Ricky Bobby is at once a glorious send-up of NASCAR culture and a goofy celebration of the redneck, red state, red-blooded American culture that spawned it.
0.625 A whole bunch of great racing footage would've ratcheted up Nights a notch or two -- see Cars for inspiration -- but even the track scenes are ... well, pedestrian.
0.75 While the film spins out from time to time in subplots highlighting the world-class supporting cast, it has enough momentum to finish in the winner's circle.
0.7 Talladega Nights: The Ballad of Ricky Bobby is a bit of a mess, but it is a genial mess, and one that will make you laugh. Which is the whole idea.
0.5 Now and then, the movie allows you to relax into its brand of stupid-smart comedy. The rest of the time your shoulders scrunch up and ask the eternal question: Why is this routine not quite working?
0.6 It's charming and often funny, but it also drags badly and never makes much of its characters.
0.7 ...if you got a kick out of Ferrell's moronic anchorman character in Anchorman, you'll get a decent amount of guffaws out of this companion piece as well...
0.9 You won't have seen anything this funny in a theater since... well, maybe since Anchorman.
0.6 Farrell, as he did in ELF, brings that absolute conviction to absolute cluelessness and when the script supports him, it's magic
0.6 The movie looks really good, especially the NASCAR racing action, but it never quite fulfills the promise of Anchorman.
0.2 Talladega Nights is so sub-moronic and witless it makes Stroker Ace look like a sublime exercise in sophisticated comedy.
0.875 While not quite as focused and inspired as Anchorman, it still made me laugh as hard and often as any movie in recent memory.
0.625 Rambunctious and synthetic, Talladega Nights boasts its fair share of inspired Ferrell riffs, even if, as a satire of the NASCAR subculture, it mostly runs on fumes.
0.8 The cast is great, and when they're in the midst of one of those manic improvisational furies that made Anchorman so funny, The Ballad of Ricky Bobby is a riot.
0.6 Boxing docu glorifies Pacquiao but skims the surface.
0.5 A narrow and borderline fawning hagiography that will no doubt find great favor among his fan base, while inspiring shrugs of indifference from those less invested in his tale.
0.2 Only a fool would say it to his face, but eight-time divisional boxing champ Manny (Pacman) Pacquiao has a limp swing as a documentary subject.
0.75 It's nothing groundbreaking as a sports doc, but Pacquiao's warm personality and amazing story make it a pretty great one.
0.4 Manny stays entirely on the surface of Pacquiao's life and of a sport that's rife with dirty dealing and chicanery.
0.5 An informative, if largely deferent, biographical documentary that tritely explains the ascendancy of Filipino boxer Manny Pacquiao.
0.5 How about we put our money together and hire someone to write Levesque, Posey and White a script that doesn't feel like a USA Network action show reject?
0.2 Loyalties are tested and Scorsese ripped off until audiences may feel as if they're in a movie deathlock.
0.25 A nonsensical, thickly plotted gumbo...
0.2 Shooting for stoic, Mr. Levesque only delivers inert. And the plot devolves into a tangle of dithering story lines.
0.4 I have no idea what happened in Inside Out. None.
0.125 I can say with only a little irony that Triple H acts Parker Posey off the screen.
0.2 As bloated as its star's pectoral muscles and as lastingly resonant as any random episode of SmackDown.
0.25 Lawyer-turned-screenwriter Dylan Schaffer's script is an unhappy combination of genres, tones, too many dead stretches of people in cars and inept dialogue.
0.75 Questions of authenticity aside, Damon Russell evinces a shrewd understanding of how to juxtapose the handheld camera's finite sightline with the bursts of chaos that suddenly invade it.
0.6 While not a particularly great documentary, it succeeds hugely at what it sets out to do, aided by a dramatic storyline that would probably be dismissed as too fantastically implausible if it was in a fiction film.
0.875 What a cool documentary. What a cool memoir.
0.7 The story itself would be largely untold if Belman hadn't wheedled his way into their trust, filming his own footage and being granted use of a wealth of home-movie material.
0.5 Really, it's just an extension of the LeBron James brand, released to coincide with a book on the same subject and designed to explore the star's humble roots even while further buffing his galactic glitter.
0.75 It drags in places, becomes repetitive and could use a more rigid hand in editing, but it also has a kind of pleasing earnestness that would be lost in a more sophisticated effort.
0.75 No make-believe Hollywood script could match this once-in-a-lifetime, all-American story.
0.75 There's plenty to both cheer and ponder.
0.75 What's amazing, and what Belman captures perfectly, is how Coach Dru achieves his dream of becoming a head coach by being a role model to these boys in need.
0.9 More Than a Game is more than a feature-length profile of LeBron James, and that's good news.
0.5 Despite opening with a statement that basketball should be a means to an end rather than an end in itself, the film itself is about 99.9% basketball.
0.5 The filmmakers go a little too far with the superlatives, at times trying to portray these gifted and often immature players as bigger underdogs than they appear to be in real life. But the movie is comprehensive and interesting...
0.75 It's a resonant story about four boyhood friends, determination, sacrifice, overcoming obstacles and the mentor who guides them from rough beginnings to the national basketball championship. It's about victorious lives, not games.
0.75 Utterly captivating for the humanity at its core.
0.625 What's almost as impressive as James's talent on the court is his poise and character.
0.625 You'd be hard-pressed to find a better documentary about on-court dynamics and off-court camaraderie; but as journalism, it's less than thorough.
0.5 Let's start with the title, which is problematic by nature: There is nothing more than a game on display here.
0.75 It's especially effective in exploring the pressures on the boys and their fragile dreams.
0.6 There is dazzling basketball here and an interesting father-son relationship (Coach Dru Joyce was father of the shortest player on the team).
0.6 The skilled editing eventually brings out the personalities of all five players, adding an emotional stake to the footage of key games.
0.59 Somewhat engaging and well-edited with stylish cinematography and great music, but it ultimately falls short in terms of offering insightful and provocative revelations.
0.75 'More Than a Game' is a riveting, emotional and inspirational documentary that captures the ups and downs of five young men who bonded as friends and teammates.
0.6 LeBron becomes a high school star, and this doc entertains without getting too heavy.
0.6 The footage is terrific, and all the guys make for charismatic heroes. But Belman barely addresses the stories happening off the court.
0.8 It's always risky to mix sports metaphors, but it's hard to resist the notion that the basketball-themed More Than a Game is a knockout of a sports documentary.
0.25 There's no "I" in team. But there are two in stultifying.
0.7 Maybe Belman's film will instill in youngsters an interest in documentaries, of which this is a generally fine example.
0.5 evoted fans of the game, and especially of LeBron James, will love More Than a Game. The skeptical and the curious may find themselves wanting more.
0.75 It's an inspiring tale not just for lovers of basketball, although the games featured are so thrilling and tense that it's a challenge to remain sitting placidly in one's seat.
0.7 keeps the hype at bay long enough to create a story about real characters, rather than indulging in glorified player profiles.
0.4 Belman only skims the surface; even his depiction of the admirable Joyce (who ditched corporate America to chase his dream of being a mentor) shows a preference for tidy sound bites over intense inquiry.
0.625 Conforms to the classic three-act story structure of unexpected success followed by hubristic downfall followed by triumphant return.
1.0 An inspirational bio-pic about the transcendent magic of friendship forged in pursuit of hoop dreams.
0.875 Not exactly your average sports saga, filled with extraordinary characters and equally extraordinary circumstances that Hollywood could craft no better in any feature script.
0.7 For the impact of the Holocaust on Italy. . .fills in a gap with personal stories and return visits of Jews who were hidden. . . and about the extent of collaboration.
0.9 One of the public pioneers for those whose miserable lives can only be relieved by changing sex is the subject of Eric Drath's fascinating chronicle of how Dr. Richard Raskind's mid-life crisis resulted in the birth of Dr. Renee Richards.
0.75 What Lee does so marvelously compelling is present Brown as a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic America...sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of Jim Brown, a celebrated wonder in the spotlight
0.5 Though overall an overwhelmingly positive portrayal, the film doesn't ignore the more problematic aspects of Brown's life.
0.875 Only an epic documentary could get it all down, and Spike Lee's Jim Brown: All American at long last gives its subject a movie worthy of his talents.
0.69 [Lee] treats his audience the same way that Jim Brown treats his women -- as dumb, credulous, unassuming, subordinate subjects. And Lee seems just as expectant of an adoring, wide-smiling reception.
0.75 A well-rounded tribute to a man whose achievements -- and complexities -- reached far beyond the end zone.
0.7 As the movie traces Mr. Brown's athletic exploits, it is impossible not to be awed by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times.
0.375 Overly long and worshipful bio-doc.
0.6 It would be naive not to expect bad taste in a movie about bad taste.
0.4 Initially enjoyable, the doc grows overindulgent of its subject.
0.625 nly cult enthusiasts will appreciate The Godfather of Gore as cinema history. The rest of us are left with a bunch of great stories about cheerfully unsavoury characters.
