0.6 The level of "why the heck not?" enthusiasm that Bava and Argento evidently sank into this second chapter is addictive in the same way that a sugar rush can be.
0.375 ...an even less interesting piece of work than its mediocre predecessor...
0.6 ... often laughable and unintentionally funny, but also -- surprisingly quite scary in some scenes.
0.8 Arty and scary horror flick.
0.6 Doesn't even compare to the original, but the blood and guts make it passable entertainment.
0.4 If you dug the first one, you'll probably enjoy about 30% of the sequel.
0.6 Art Carney and Bea Arthur versus Darth Vader? This galaxy isn't far, far away enough!
0.5 ...a predictable and almost distractingly one-note Lifetime drama that seems to have been geared exclusively towards the lowest common denominator...
0.7 The rest of the film plays unswervingly like a traditional movie made for television.
0.7 Don't let the title fool you. Instead of a hit piece on Michael Moore's politics, Wilson examines his techniques, particularly the dishonest approaches he uses in filmmaking.
0.4 Wilson parece ser uma boa pessoa (e Jillette e sempre genial), mas o filme comete muitos dos mesmos erros atribuidos a Moore (que merece, sim, uma reprimenda publica).
0.75 Wilson makes it clear that he doesn't share Moore's political beliefs, but the film isn't about ideology as much as accountability. The theme is: How does he get away with it?
0.53 A made-for-television movie clearly designed to capitalize upon the blockbuster success of The Exorcist, it is more worthy than its nearly nonexistent reputation might imply.
0.6 Snowman takes a wife in predictable sequel.
0.6 Lauded miniseries doesn't glamorize the old West.
0.9 I don't care if the thing was originally made for cable, theatrical, network, or Quicktime. This is one of the very best films I've seen all year.
0.2 I'm Still Here is incredibly self indulgent and pointless. As a piece it is not funny, and simply put, it's just painful to watch and offers very little.
0.375 Joaquin gets the last laugh on us all. But the movie's a mess.
0.4 As a defeated Phoenix cleanses himself in the waters of Panama at the movie's climax, ultimately you're left asking the same question you were wondering when you went in: why should I care?
0.375 If what's happening in the film is honest and real, it's more spectacle than introspection. If it's all fake, only the filmmakers are laughing.
0.3 An ugly and disturbing deconstruction of self-destruction and emptiness.
0.9 Phoenix and Affleck aren't merely concerned with teaching everyone a lesson -- that would be cheap. They offer us an opportunity to step through the looking glass and see the human being that sits behind the famous personality.
0.0 If Phoenix and Affleck are engaged in an extended performance-art piece, their message ? that America?s celebrity culture is empty and soul-crushing ? isn?t anything that hasn?t been said before.
0.5 Phoenix needs a hug. And a Bowflex.
0.2 Casy Affleck is trying to claim that I'm Still Here is 'gonzo film-making'. And I'm right with him on that point. It DOES look like it was made by a muppet.
0.83 ...it took something like courage to make it, and it has some ofthe same iconoclastic power of punk rock, with the same edge of sneering cynicism ballasted by a canny sense of the market.
0.2 I don't get it.
0.4 I'm Still Here's gruelling faux-doc assemblage loses its charm after about 40 minutes.
0.375 Why leave all that wreckage in their path if there's no real point; no insightful takeaway?
0.6 Self-indulgent? Definitely. Funny? Mostly. Real? It actually doesn't matter.
0.6 The result is intriguing, fitfully amusing and terribly sad because if the story was for real then it has left Phoenix a laughing stock and a broken man.
0.6 Affleck's meta-satire riffs amusingly on celebrity culture without hitting too many faux-doc highs.
0.2 Not entertaining at all, regardless of whether you believe it or not. It comes across as a bunch of talentless high school kids making a home-grown version of Jackass
0.25 No doubt what we witness is a performance for the camera, but with what motivation? Or is the hoax a hoax?
0.4 The revelation the whole thing was a sham cannot repair the damage Joaquin Phoenix has done to a once-promising career. I'm Still Here is a practical joke, and not a very good one, either in conception or execution.
0.9 Dear The Academy Awards, please give Joaquin Phoenix and Casey Affleck their Oscars now please. One of the most riveting pieces of entertainment this year!
0.75 Maybe "I'm Still Here" tells the truth, in the sense that it shows us Phoenix's unhappy personal view of the life behind the velvet rope that he's rejected.
0.5 Is this cinema verite or a satire of celebrity self-regard? If this is 'Borat' in extremis, is its portrait of an artist in anguish any less legitimate? Ultimately, the film is more interesting to discuss than to watch.
0.4 It's one thing to pull off a hoax; it's quite another to transform the fakery into authentic entertainment.
1.0 Joaquin Phoenix gives the performance of a lifetime. Funny, tragic, compulsive and utterly one of a kind, you must see this film.
0.8 It is an astonishing film -- hilarious, revealing and, at times, genuinely shocking.
0.8 The joke may yet be on us, but for now Affleck has delivered one of the most riveting yet virtually unwatchable documentaries you are ever likely to see.
0.4 Although there aren't enough entertaining highlights to see us through the many dull spots, the film's sheer curiosity value keeps it queasily fascinating.
0.8 Whatever the truth, Affleck's film makes for a sharp critique of celebrity culture, as vicious vloggers lead a tirade of abuse against Phoenix, only serving to increase his angst.
0.7 There's a kind of genius to the whole affair, which is a good thing, because there's no trace of genius about the film itself, which is coarse and amateurish.
0.375 Although skillfully overhyped, this asinine exercise is little more than a way for Affleck and Phoenix to write off blow and hookers.
0.6 It raises some interesting questions about celebrity privilege and categorization.
0.8 A comedy that's toe-curlingly funny and stingingly bittersweet.
0.8 As director Casey Affleck does a brilliantly invisible job. We barely even think "fly on the wall"; we assume there are no walls.
0.6 If you like watching movie stars embarrass themselves for your amusement and for no point whatsoever, I'm Still Here is not a bad way to go.
0.7 If the film had been released as fiction, it would been greeted as a raw and revealing slice of Hollywood's underside. But Phoenix wouldn't have enjoyed himself nearly as much.
0.5 As directed by actor Casey Affleck -- also the subject's brother-in-law -- I'm Still Here is an unreliable, yet undeniably unique portrait of Phoenix burning his celebrity to cinders.
0.5 The film is shapeless in a way that suggests Affleck and his editing team is making it up entirely out of odds and ends.
0.8 Impressively directed and sharply written, this is a blackly funny mockumentary that works on several different levels, though it's not exactly an easy watch.
0.8 Joaquin Phoenix delivers one of his best performances playing a twisted version of himself in this might be / might not be real docu-drama.
0.0 Real documentary or hoax it's pathetic; there are definitely only losers here, in the film, behind the camera, and in the audience.
0.5 The crux of I'm Still Here is the same as the one central to most of Lars von Trier's filmic pranks: How far can one mess with one's audience while feigning sincerity?
0.6 [It] may or may not be a put-on. If it is, it's done with a visceral edge that is as difficult to watch as it is morbidly fascinating
0.7 Assuming this is a hoax, Phoenix gives one of his greatest performances. If it's real, then he's a disgrace.
0.6 At this point, it looks like it's up to you whether you want to believe or not. Phoenix's trainwreck of a life and the "why" becomes a discussion for another time.
0.5 Hip hop hoax or artist reborn? It's hard to care after suffering through I'm Still Here
0.3 I'm Still Here is a home movie for relatives and masochists. It's the Apocalypse Now of crap.
0.2 An elaborate piece of performance art or a documentary about an identity crisis of a man committing professional suicide? Either way, I'm Still Here is grating, boring, and completely without value.
0.54 It's a neat experiment with a brilliant performance but still not all that interesting.
0.625 I'm not sure I believed a word of this film. Actors who melt down on camera are usually, well, acting. But I couldn't take my eyes off I'm Still Here.
0.63 To what end did Phoenix go to all this trouble, creating this bizarre false persona? What emerges in the film is an angry attack on the media, and an intermittently fascinating examination of the way celebrity flameouts are publicly & privately treated.
0.4 It's hard not to feel punk'd and trapped amid the company of jerks.
0.8 At times I'm Still Here is as ridiculous as Borat, which certainly adds weight to the naysayers' arguments, and yet even through the multiple shots of male nudity, drug taking and human desecration, everything feels organic.
0.5 The movie is as damnably perplexing as the subject himself.
0.125 When I'm Still Here reached its climactic moment -- Joaquin Phoenix puking into a toilet -- I had never before felt quite so much like a toilet.
0.6 We always knew that he can be a bit of a weirdo; I'm Still Here teaches us that he can be exceedingly clever as well. And there will always be a place in Hollywood for clever weirdos.
0.5 I'm Still Here is like watching the 15 minutes in Boogie Nights where Dirk Diggler tries to become a recording artist, stretched into a full-length movie.
0.8 Whatever their actual intentions, I'm Still Here does take on, at times forcefully and effectively, the pathological fallout of the Entertainment Industrial Complex.
0.4 A glum and dispiriting counterfeit of reality that turns out to be much more interesting to speculate about than to actually watch.
1.0 It better be a hoax, because, if it is not, Phoenix needs serious mental and emotional therapy and, possibly, rehab.
0.75 If I'm Still Here started as a vanity project, it became a debasing one. If it is a hoax, it shows Phoenix as an actor entirely without fear.
0.625 A psychological snuff film, unpleasant and provocative in equal measure.
0.25 Whether truth or folly, it's not particularly well made. Even in the midst of Phoenix's most oddball and obsessive torment, it's boring.
0.875 A meditation on a life lived in the public eye, I'm Still Here is strange, riveting, and occasionally appalling stuff, any way you look at it.
0.625 What I'm Still Here most resembles is a less slick, less witty, feature-length version of HBO's Entourage, with several unusually raunchy touches...
0.2 There is absolutely no good that can come from this movie.
0.25 Since Phoenix spends half the film with his head down, mumbling and shirtless, I'm Still Here is literally (and figuratively) an exercise in navel-gazing.
0.625 Parts of it are close to genius; most of it is actively torturous to watch.
0.6 If the film is nothing more than a practical joke on the audience, it certainly doesn't aim to be as caustic or ferociously political as, say, Borat.
0.5 "I'm Still Here" is a film that gets in your face and under your skin. Kind of like a portrait wiped with the artist's excrement. It's disgusting, but it's still art. The question is, at what cost?
0.4 If all that I'm Still Here documents is a hoax then Joaquin Phoenix is a far better actor than I ever suspected.
0.5 The big question that the peculiar [film] doesn't answer is whether Phoenix is working through a creative rut or if any of his unusual behavior is par for the course.
0.4 You won't personally be ridiculed and physically attacked. You'll just leave the theater feeling like you were.
0.6 Suggests a proper human being trying to make sense of a life in the public eye he never really wanted.
0.75 If the movie is a fake, the filmmakers deserve Oscars for creativity.
0.8 As a character he is extreme, a grandiose wild man who manages to be irritating and ingratiating at the exact same time. It is a performance that is both absurd and committed and ranks among his best.
1.0 I'm Still Here is a picture of spoiled entitlement, but its real impressiveness comes with its unusually mature sense of pacing.
0.4 Increasingly annoying, deluded, mumbling narcissism. Joaquin Phoenix may still be here, somewhere, but I no longer care.
0.6 Like a pair of po-faced co-conspirators, Affleck and Phoenix have cooked up an audacious little distraction; a stage-managed Hollywood Babylon that's at once gaudily entertaining and willfully self-indulgent.
0.4 The film is made up of half-formed sketches in which Phoenix comes across like a childish crank who's escaped from his soap box at Speakers' Corner.
0.6 This film gives us more access than the most inquisitive tabloid magazines into Phoenix's world. By doing so, it makes us question and even become a little ashamed about our own voyeurism.
0.0 Rarely has the question of a documentary's artifice mattered less. I genuinely hated this picture, almost as much as I've admired Phoenix's work.
0.75 It's not well-done technically -- the image and sound are bad -- but it has the advantage of access to private and tormented moments.
0.125 painfully stupid
0.4 Colorless '50s remake is all suggestiveness and no depth.
0.4 Padded and lifeless
0.6 [Spike] Lee doesn't judge Tyson's sins, but he does express an attitude toward his story, through the way he frames a desperately ingratiating Tyson at a persistent remove.
0.6 An engrossing documentary about a compassionate doctor trying to make a difference in Afghanistan which has the second highest maternal and infant mortality rates in the world.
0.8 For a portrait of cinematic obsession and unbridled megalomania... one would be hard pressed to find a more satisfying piece of work than Hearts of Darkness
0.875 It does a good job of painting an honest portrait of out-of-control egos and the excess of Hollywood in the '70s, while also being informative and entertaining.
1.0 We come away from the documentary with a profound admiration for Coppola, if only because he didn't kill himself or someone else.
1.0 A phenomenal documentary about one of the most notorious film shoots of all time.
1.0 One of the best documentaries ever made, more fascinating an exploration of obsession than the film it's about.
0.8 There have been few sharper portraits of the film maker as alchemist than Hearts of Darkness: A Film Maker's Apocalypse.
0.8 Hearts of Darkness gives a privileged glimpse of the artist's hell, but it also says something about grace.
0.875 The making of a film has never been documented with more penetration and truth than in Hearts of Darkness: A Filmmaker's Apocalypse.
0.375 Fans may enjoy their Idol songs and parents may appreciate its wholesomeness, but there's little else to recommend in this throwback to the '60s Beach Blanket movies.
0.25 What's depressing about From Justin to Kelly, whose title seems to refer to the text messages he sends her, is that it's been made without a lick of love, skill, or, apparently, money.
0.4 Idol film expands 15 minutes of fame.
0.2 The movie is billed as a romantic musical comedy. You coulda fooled me.
0.0 Watching them lock lips feels like incest propaganda: Justin and Kelly are offspring of the same publicity machinery, after all
0.3 From Justin to Kelly is bad, but Glitter is still worse because Glitter thinks it's a great movie.
0.0 From Justin to Kelly is just one of those films, a bottomless well of snark fodder that may come and go in theatres but will surely be spun innumerable times on DVD at parties in the years to come.
0.0 Moulin Rouge ... Chicago ... From Justin to Kelly ... two steps forward and then about 16 steps back for the film musical.
0.5 Fans of the television show may show up for this one, but given that an American Idol sequel has already ended its run, audiences are likely to find it stale.
0.4 It's more dumbfounding that so much time is wasted on a cast of unknowns, second-stringers granted solos long before Kelly or Justin take center stage. Why not support with other first-season alums?
0.5 Messages that read 'I O U A BRGR. U GAME?' ... propel the plot forward. Alas, all the scenes in which Prince hijacks the cell phones have been left on the cutting room floor.
0.25 It was produced by people who saw nothing in it but a few quick bucks, filled with songs that no one would want to hear again and starring two people who have no business at the center of any movie.
0.3 I don't think any young A-list duo could have triumphed over this production.
0.25 I hope they don't wait this long for Rubin's film.
0.6 A pleasant little boy-meets-girl musical.
0.2 Move over, Mariah Carrey, there's a new kid in town and she's got a movie that out-Glitters Glitter.
0.25 [From Justin to Kelly] is basically a more wholesome MTV Dance Party, the musical festivities interrupted every so often to search for a plot.
0.25 From Justin to Kelly may be right out of the Frankie Avalon and Annette Funicello scrapbook, but that's not the movie they are making here.
0.25 From Justin to Kelly [is] completely awful.
0.2 The entire movie is vaguely unsettling.
0.375 An 80-minute cavalcade of music-video-style numbers, strung together with little fits of dialogue for pretty, gym-toned performers who are given the names of characters.
0.25 Arguably the most insipid movie released so far this century.
0.25 From Justin to Kelly is 81 minutes of beach blanket bunkum, with the cast of cute kids bursting into song every now and then to cover up a romance that never ignites.
0.25 Despite all the constant discussion of raging hormones, hot babes and whipped-cream bikini contests, the movie is Disney-clean and curiously asexual.
0.2 Not many people really expected From Justin to Kelly to be any good. But was it too much to ask that it at least have a plot?
0.1 I realize this effort wasn't intended for the likes of me or most anyone over the age of early teendom. Yet, did it really have to be this bad and painful to witness?
0.0 Now I know how all those people felt 21 years ago when The Pirate Movie came out. This will make all the 12-year-old fans in the audience want to take up smoking, drinking, impregnating and aborting.
0.5 [Guarini] is a hopeless case. ... [But] acting lessons and a costume designer who can flatter her non-anorexic figure could turn Clarkson into a movie star.
0.625 Where are Frankie and Annette?
0.375 The would-be romantic comedy is a PG-rated musical that's as dull as dishwater.
0.375 This movie is a joke, and I know it as both critic and fan.
0.5 A sweet, innocuous musical romance, the cinema version of a carnival's cotton candy.
0.5 This too-many -generations-removed copy of Where the Boys Are (1960) is crammed with energetic but artless musical numbers that feature lip-synching multitudes and uninspired choreography.
0.2 Why assemble a movie that the majority of American Idol's audience would be embarrassed to go see?
0.125 The choreography is flat and lifeless; the pop songs are thoroughly disposable, mass-produced trash; and the lip-synching and sound mix have to be some of the worst ever for a big studio motion picture.
0.375 ...schmaltzy...sitting through the bubble gum banality of FJTK is enough to make poor Beach vets Frankie and Annette (and the rest of us for that matter) bury their delusional heads in the sand.
0.75 A gloriously cheesy movie, the guilty pleasure to beat this summer!
0.25 It's sad that after Moulin Rouge and Chicago worked so hard to resurrect the musical, From Justin to Kelly had to go and kill it all over again.
0.125 From Justin to Kelly has the potential to be almost cultishly kitschy if the songs were even remotely interesting, but they're just more of the same trite pop garbage we've come to expect from our American Idols.
0.0 Some people wait a lifetime for a turkey like this -- and for them,'From Justin to Kelly' will provide a holiday feast. ...a spectacularly wretched musical melodrama.
0.7 There's more charm and craftsmanship in the first 30 minutes of Disney's Princess of Thieves than there is in the whole of Disney's Snow Dogs.
0.7 Baffling.
0.4 Superficial, unauthorized drama about writer's rise to fame.
0.3 Lifetime translated a potentially heartwarming and positive tale into something rife with cliches.
0.5 This journey is a string of moments, all leading to Harry Potter.
0.75 If you've ever been a single mom and couldn't see the light at the end of the tunnel, this is the perfect movie for you.
0.6 A throwback to the energetic sci-fi films of yesteryear. Frantic and Fun.
0.6 A watchable futuristic prison flick. Decent B-movie thrills.
0.6 Martin Campbell's generally an underrated action director, but this is just okay, not one of his finer efforts
0.6 Although several segments will appeal to horror aficionados, it often feels like a political statement couched in a format that will appeal to the blood and popcorn crowd.
0.5 ...simply (and ultimately) unable to wholeheartedly justify its existence...
0.5 A TV-movie that feels like TV and replaces tense scenic construction with talk and reaction shots instead of focusing on the action.
0.75 A fascinating capsule of an era long past.
0.6 [Ferraz] digs into the past to illuminate Kalatozov's extraordinary blend of formal bravura and revolutionary didacticism.
0.5 There are some very nice moments throughout that give one hope along the way, but when the conclusion arrives, disappointment is unavoidable.
0.81 The bulk of this 50-minute piece focuses on the actual crashes and subsequent collapses, with an analytical eye on specifically what caused the most destruction.
0.625 Provides the clearest insight into why the destruction of these buildings (carnage and Freud aside) touched a deep nerve in the collective American psyche.
0.8 "Bear" is simply the most calming and accepting childhood figure in modern television.
0.75 It's enough to convince you that Woody Harrelson is right: If you don't appreciate Jerry Lewis, I don't want to hang with you.
0.8 If you don't like the comic artistry of Jerry Lewis, Encore's extensive new bio-documentary isn't going to change your mind. But you might come away with at least a bit more appreciation.
0.4 Empty but expensive bunch of nothingness + style.
0.71 Seldom boring, yet covers much ground familiar to most viewers.
0.5 Leave it to Disney to pass off the pilot of a made-for-cable series as a straight-to-tape sequel to a theatrical blockbuster.
0.2 You have to give Contaminated Man credit for laying its cards on the table: as you might have guessed from the title, it is indeed about a contaminated man.
0.2 This sequel to "The Parent Trap" is simply awful in every sense of the word.
0.5 Rushed, confused, and wildly uneven.
0.5 It could be pretty creepy ... if it weren't so darn stupid.
0.8 A worthy sequel to the original fan favorite.
0.25 ...an interminable piece of fluff that holds absolutely no appeal for viewers outside the film's target demographic of teenaged girls (undiscriminating teenaged girls, at that).
0.3 Even by Disney Channel standards, this sequel is weak and shrill and not at all fun.
0.4 Stephen King pits kids vs. killer clown from hell.
0.6 The first half is terrifying -- or was when I was younger. The second half has a bad special effect spider.
0.62 Too vanilla, too banal and too earnest to do the source material any justice.
0.8 Effective TV adaptation of King's novel
0.6 Top-Calibre horror
0.6 As made-for-TV horror, it lacks real bite, but still has a fine unsettling atmosphere. And let's face it: clowns are REALLY scary.
0.6 Gentle princess tale focuses on being true to yourself.
0.6 Strong female action hero in positive-message packed show.
0.75 ...Cheaters is more than just movie-of-the-week fodder.
0.8 ... one of the few films that can be predicted perfectly, but it?s so well crafted?and so damn exciting?that we just don?t care.
0.8 Nearly a quarter of a century down the line, a great film has been made greater.
0.9 When Scott was finished, he thought it was too long and that the added material threw the pacing off. Therefore, he cut his own Director's Cut. (Alien Quadrilogy)
0.8 fuller and scarier
1.0 Thrill again to how thoroughly conceived the whole thing is, how impeccably acted and genuine in its suspense.
1.0 Turns out not to be one of those movies that improves in the memory, but actually is better than you remember, mostly because it puts its multitude of imitators to shame.
0.875 What you will find is that the old mayhem is still masterful and that there is nothing like the big screen for this type of mortally wounded space exploration.
0.875 Alien still thrills because of Scott's relentless focus on terror.
1.0 It's scary, smart, well-acted and just as effective now as it was in 1979. Go see it.
1.0 The movie inspired three sequels and remains undeniably frightening. It also marks a significant step in the evolution of modern science-fiction films.
0.75 Even 25 years later Alien still can make us jump.
1.0 It's a most satisfying return to one of the few sci-fi films that deserves to be called a masterpiece.
0.75 (The director's cut) doesn't hold up as well as I'd anticipated, (but) the chest-bursting scene is still a seat-gripper.
1.0 The first is still the best.
1.0 A streamlined improvement on the original.
0.875 It's worth seeing Alien, which established Scott as an A-list director, in a theater because his brilliant and often expansive visuals have always worked better on a big screen than on video.
0.875 Alien is still a classic well worth a trip to the theater.
0.8 Twenty-four years later -- digitally spruced up, with some scenes shaved and others padded with previously cut material -- Scott's film still shreds nerves.
0.8 This 1979 horror-sci-fi masterpiece still holds up remarkably well on the big screen, a testament to the skill of director Ridley Scott, who was then working on his first film, and the acting by the talented ensemble cast.
0.8 It's still an enjoyable experience revisiting the Nostromo and getting reacquainted with its seven crew members.
0.75 Though some of Scott's editing decisions in this new version are questionable -- one even violates continuity -- he has left the film's most suspenseful and chilling moments intact.
0.9 Even if you've seen it a hundred times, Alien can still make you jump out of your seat.
0.875 A movie that can still give you the shakes, even though most of its surprises have long since passed into popular legend.
0.875 Looks more like a classic than ever.
0.6 The original has aged with surprising grace; despite the rise of digital video and home computers, this is still a convincing future.
0.55 Marginally insightful and incomplete while lacking in additional perspectives.
0.7 Non-reality TV finds a place in war-torn Afghanistan in this insightful slice of life of the fledgling broadcast industry.
0.4 Feels a bit too cloistered and the subject perhaps too limited for feature-length attention.
0.8 A heartening but tempered portrait of the media's ability to effect social change.
0.6 Though heavy with interviews that can be shallow, the movie provides an angle on a country remaking itself after Taliban rule.
0.8 Singers celebrate diversity and independence.
0.125 ...Tom Hanks himself would be hard-pressed to inject life into this cliched, formulaic storyline.
0.6 It would be naive not to expect bad taste in a movie about bad taste.
0.4 Initially enjoyable, the doc grows overindulgent of its subject.
0.625 nly cult enthusiasts will appreciate The Godfather of Gore as cinema history. The rest of us are left with a bunch of great stories about cheerfully unsavoury characters.
0.7 Regardless of the fact that these clips have been recycled from internet airplay, there's more than enough behind-the-scenes spectacle to please the fans.
1.0 It offers a fascinating peek into the (not always glamorous) life of a Hollywood big shot. Full of insight, meaty tidbits, and not without humor, this documentary is one of the best.
0.8 Truly a gripping story, but for mature teens only.
0.8 Evans e uma figura fascinante, e e justamente sua narracao em off, associada a otima edicao, que transforma este documentario em um acido depoimento sobre Hollywood.
0.55 But for film buffs at least, Evans's vivid story will make them feel nostalgic for this period of Hollywood history.
0.875 Click to read review
0.625 It's fairly absorbing, because tales of rise and fall usually are, but it's not very accomplished as a piece of cinema.
1.0 I'm willing to bet ... that I don't see another [documentary] this year as richly entertaining or as cathartic.
1.0 Brilliantly crafted documentary about Hollywood legend Robert Evans may not be the unvarnished truth, but it is great, glossy fun.
0.875 If you love flamboyant people, movies or -- especially -- flamboyant movie people, don't miss The Kid Stays in the Picture.
0.875 remarkable in the sense that, for all his self-aggrandizing tendencies, Evans conveys himself as both powerful and vulnerable, still a Hollywood myth of grand proportions, but also a human being
0.8 What works best is the candid nature of Evans' remarks , which often reveal more than Evans himself probably intended.
0.75 ...it's a shame that [film]'s only appreciative audience might be those of us with memories deep enough to recall the rise and fall and rise again of one of the industry's true crap-shooting visionaries.
0.8 A self-narrated, blatantly lop-sided, cocky, nonchalant, fascinating and juicily entertaining documentary.
0.8 This movie is more fun than many of those tall tales that Hollywood calls feature films.
0.8 Its unbridled spirit and (especially) visual style shuttle us through the corridor of Evans' memories with sufficient force to leave us in a state of happy exhaustion.
0.6 Engrossing ... but ultimately felt more like a vanity project/tribute to the man than any kind of objective, well-rounded documentary.
0.83 The Kid Stays in the Picture is not simply an informative documentary. It is a witty, funny, wildly entertaining, and often poignant look at the last man to truly control Tinseltown.
0.8 A blessed gift to film geeks and historians. If the '70's were your idea of a good time at the movies, this will make you very happy.
0.7 A whole lot of fun.
0.75 Evans' narration (taken from the memoirs and compiled by Morgen) makes it consistently interesting.
0.875 There's a disreputable air about the whole thing, and that's what makes it irresistible.
0.75 Even at his most obnoxious, Evans remains a fascinating figure.
0.75 One of the best inside-show-biz yarns ever.
1.0 For a life lived boldly and productively if imperfectly, Robert Evans deserves this trenchant, revealing, vastly entertaining documentary.
1.0 Giddy, absurdly entertaining account of Evans' rise and fall in the movie biz.
0.75 While the now 72-year-old Robert Evans been slowed down by a stroke, he has at least one more story to tell: his own.
0.7 Though it's equally solipsistic in tone, the movie has enough vitality to justify the notion of creating a screen adaptation of Evans' saga of Hollywood excess.
0.6 This is classic Hollywood, at its best and worst, sticky rich and scabrous.
0.875 This kid certainly stayed in the picture and was resilient enough to stick around and witness the rolling ending credits of his own tantalizing production.
0.875 For movie lovers, it's like an aging Lancelot reminiscing about Camelot.
0.8 Should delight anyone who ever wondered how Tinseltown really works.
0.7 I was pleasantly surprised by how fascinating this documentary is.
0.6 Gossip-magazine -level material but still this a compelling biographical documentary.
1.0 This uniquely fascinating and robustly entertaining documentary is a raffish, rollicking masterpiece of first-person myth-making.
1.0 This documentary is a dazzling, remarkably unpretentious reminder of what [Evans] had, lost, and got back.
0.875 An entertaining, slickly produced, and eminently satisfying biopic of movie mogul Robert Evans.
0.6 A terrific insider look at the star-making machinery of tinseltown.
0.75 A wildly entertaining scan of Evans' career.
0.75 A little like being stuck at a fellow's deathbed, listening to him gas and gas about his life -- only in this case, the guy turns out to be fascinating.
0.75 A terrific pseudo-documentary that's so engaging, entertaining and fascinating that you won't notice its message of dealing with whatever life might throw your way. But you'll certainly feel it afterwards.
1.0 It's the very best kind of documentary -- an irresistible story, creatively and elegantly told.
0.8 Hugely entertaining from start to finish, featuring a fall from grace that still leaves shockwaves, it will gratify anyone who has ever suspected Hollywood of being overrun by corrupt and hedonistic weasels.
1.0 Implicitly acknowledges and celebrates the glorious chicanery and self-delusion of this most American of businesses, and for that reason it may be the most oddly honest Hollywood document of all.
0.8 A near-perfect mix of sly comic moments and remarkable stories about some of the most famous films ever made.
0.875 It's one of the most honest films ever made about Hollywood.
0.75 The best thing the film does is to show us not only what that mind looks like, but how the creative process itself operates.
0.875 By the end of the film, one suspects that you'd have a hard time finding an audience member who wouldn't love to sit down for a drink with the guy.
0.75 An incredibly entertaining movie.
0.75 A stylish, be-boppy portrait of a true individual with his own, invented vocabulary ... and his own, semi-invented take on the events of his life.
0.625 The movie's high points ... are the ones when he's most fervently selling himself, as in the delightful scene where we see Evans rescue his job (and his studio) with a suave promo film/presentation directed by Mike Nichols.
1.0 Watching [it], one of the best movies of the year, is pure bliss.
1.0 A virtual roller-coaster ride of glamour and sleaze.
0.5 ...the film equivalent of a book-on-tape.
0.8 The audience can't tell where the embellishing is, nor should it care -- the portrait Evans paints is involving and entertaining.
0.875 Witty, charming, ultimately empathetic portrait of a once-upon-a-time industry titan.
0.75 [Morgen and Burstein] reinvigorate the usual menu of archival footage with a 3-D cutout style that imbues inert black and white stills with a playful, camp dynamism.
0.875 It's Bob's story, and he's so good and so experienced at telling it, you wouldn't want to ride through hell with anyone but him as your tour guide.
0.8 This real-life Hollywood fairy-tale is more engaging than the usual fantasies Hollywood produces.
0.75 Unabashedly subjective but deliciously entertaining biopic.
0.6 A snazzy kick -- it's never less than hugely entertaining -- that should in no way be mistaken for an unbiased account.
0.8 One of the funniest, and most telling, films of the year.
0.8 A witty, colorful and poignant account of the life and times of producer Robert Evans.
0.75 A documentary history of chutzpah presented in the language of oily success by a beast who knows the value of a good story told well.
0.75 Robert Evans's career in the film business makes us realize why young women would rather date producers than high school teachers.
0.4 A little objectivity could have gone a long way.
