0.4 Western spoof that falls off the saddle too many times.
0.8 Some killing, but most violence is PG-13.
0.875 The thunderous climax -one of the muddiest, bloodiest and most chaotic gunfights of the 2000s -makes it clear that Kevin Costner's plaintive, patient, slightly overlong Western was only sitting for a spell to race toward the finish.
1.0 While equally paying homage to directors Peckinpah, Eastwood, and Kurosawa, what makes Open Range special is that it's a love story, too. And one peopled by endearing characters we're inclined to care about when the bloodletting has finally ended.
0.9 By the end, I was thinking this is probably one of the best westerns made since Kevin Costner first hopped on a horse in "Silverado."
0.8 Good for Costner: at the close of a summer cluttered with dumb action films, sequels and remakes, he's bucked the trend and put himself back in the saddle again.
0.625 ... needs a better story, better characters, better source material; and fewer aphorisms, fewer long glances and sweeping scores, fewer chunks of cheese.
0.625 It's a considerable improvement over his last directing effort, the post-apocalyptic disaster The Postman.
0.4 Does Costner think that none of us have ever seen a Western before?The film does have one hell of a good shootout at the end, But Lord, does he make you wait for it.
0.8 Costner as director goes to great lengths to make sure the audience sees people here. Real people. Not some caricature of prototypical gunslingers.
0.7 ...a cordial and welcome film with likable heroes, dastardly villains, and a rousing climax. It does nothing innovative, but it doesn't need to.
0.6 Intriguing and clever enough to keep us gripped, even though nothing very surprising happens.
1.0 Um faroeste habitado por personagens interessantes e que conta com um dos tiroteios mais realistas do genero.
0.8 [I]n Open Range, Costner sets out to boost the genre... with a... story that draws from the best traditions of the western without sinking into cliche.
0.8 Costner's epic, as director, is one to behold, not for its 24th hour sentimental about-face, but for the existential knack it has for the pacific, the stately and the quiet.
0.3 Open Range is a bad case of a much too open-minded director in terrible need of a good lasso
0.75 An engrossing moral viewpoint combined with three solid star performances is more than enough to make Open Range one of the best of the modern day Westerns.
0.69 Kevin Costner's return to the western genre is a classicist revenge drama that takes its time in becoming one and is richer as a result.
0.6 The ride is worth taking and it's Costner's best work in many a year.
0.75 A welcome return to the Western and more specifically to the romantic West.
0.5 The clumsy dialogue shows no respect for the audience and essentially derails what could've been a very good film.
0.4 If you have two hours to live, see this movie ? it will make those two hours seem like two weeks.
0.75 It may not have the Duke's boots to walk in, but Open Range covers a lot of ground just fine with its own.
0.75 A flawed but highly entertaining B Western blown up to John Ford scale.
1.0 The casting of this film may be its greatest asset: Duvall and Costner have the easy familiarity of longtime partners.
0.75 There's not enough - well, hardly anything - new here to call Open Range a great Western. But it's probably as good as we're going to get and as good as it needs to be.
0.9 Costner has not only salvaged his own career with Open Range, but just may have done for the Western what Moulin Rouge! and Chicago did for the musical.
0.75 This ain't no Kevin Costner pitcher. This here belongs to Robert Duvall.
0.875 ...one of the best films of the year.
0.5 Somewhere beneath the syrupy melodrama and the scenes that should have expired long ago, there is an intelligent, thoughtful western in waiting.
0.9 This is probably one of the best westerns made since Kevin Costner first hopped on a horse in Silverado.
0.8 An exhilarating fusion of new and old Hollywood that proves there's still life left in one of film's oldest forms.
1.0 It's a grand old western the way they used to make 'em, simple and elegant and cool and dusty and marvelous... the best western made since Unforgiven.
0.7 The presence Duvall and Costner bring to the screen is only matched by Costner's ability as a director to take the dark material of Open Rangeand make it feel classic.
0.4 I started a thinkin how cum Kevin Costner couldn't a made a better movie. I shor nuff liked his Dances with Wolves but he jes moseyed round a lot more in this piture. Why there twern't a lot o action.
0.6 A movie that seeks no higher calling than to entertain us the way Hollywood used to.
0.7 Kevin Costner brings us another epic Western, but Robert Duvall steals the show.
0.6 Not without its charms.
0.375 Open Range is far from the worst film of the year, but it does test one's endurance like no other.
0.625 Open Range has too much of what its title portends.
0.6 A leisurely elegy for the American West with Kevin Costner's Unforgiven written all over it.
0.625 Has a pace as laconic as its director's screen persona.
0.5 Open Range is a Western in which the carts pull the horses.
1.0 If you grew up on Westerns, which are now an old-time religion, Open Range is a ride you want to share.
1.0 [A] very special and singular film
0.5 Purty but shallow.
0.9 Easily qualifies as the best Western since Clint Eastwood's Unforgiven.
0.75 A rousing addition to that most American of film genres, the western.
0.625 An awesome compendium of cowboy-movie cliches. It borders on parody, and often crosses the border, rustling up a drove of oater aphorisms.
0.6 Open Range is too talky, too corny and too long. Yet it gets so much right, from its simple affection for the sight of horses at full gallop to a climactic gunfight that sets a new standard for wit and excitement and right- eous revenge.
0.875 Kevin Costner is back in the saddle again, and people are going to start using "Oscar" and "Costner" in the same sentence again.
0.78 Robert Duvall brings an authenticity to his performances that puts any movie he appears in ahead of the game from the start.
0.75 A solidly crafted and entertaining old-school western.
0.75 Costner doesn't seek to reinvent the classic Westerns as much as simply honor them. On those modest terms, he succeeds.
0.5 There's a fine little western lurking inside Open Range: Too bad it gets drowned out by director Kevin Costner's pretentiousness.
0.875 A film that recycles familiar elements from a variety of cowboy classics but still establishes and maintains its own unique sensibility.
0.75 This is a great two-hour motion picture. Unfortunately, it runs 20 minutes longer than that.
0.8 The best duster since Clint Eastwood's 1992 triumph Unforgiven.
0.5 Despite some lapses in taste at the end, Open Range is competently directed, though rarely inspired. No one is going to mistake Kevin Costner for John Ford.
0.625 If the climax of Open Range is disappointing, the ending is almost intolerable, as the plot descends into a twinkling love story, and Costner reverts to filmmaking aimed at 12-year-olds.
0.625 A pretty decent little movie.
0.625 The first two hours of Open Range are a great pleasure, and the final minutes come as a vague indigestion.
0.75 With actors less sure than Duvall and Bening alongside him, Costner's old-fashioned Western would collapse. With them in the saddles, it rides into the sunset in high style.
0.8 One of 2003's best films.
0.75 A patient, suspenseful exercise in genre craftsmanship.
0.75 Costner saves his best work for the finale, an electrifying gun battle that steers clear of Western cliches to re-create the chaos and brutality of a place thick with flying bullets.
0.625 A good film struggling to free itself from directorial excess. . . . Open Range strives for the heft of [director Kevin] Costner's signature work, Dances With Wolves," but this tale is too simple for the royal treatment.
0.875 ...a movie my 79-year-old grandfather will love. And I can't think of a better compliment.
0.75 The final shootout belongs in the Western pantheon with the poetic, anti-heroic shootouts in Anthony Mann's The Far Country and Robert Altman's McCabe and Mrs. Miller.
0.6 Western's sincerity and Robert Duvall's warm, fascinating lead performance can't make up for a rough ride with an uneven tone.
0.75 This is by far the best film Costner has made in the past six years. As always, his direction misses no details, instilling considerably more sensitivity in the movie than you might expect to find in a Western.
0.75 As comfortable as a well-worn saddle, Open Range is something you might have caught one Sunday afternoon on Turner Classic Movies.
0.7 Proves the new-fashioned western can deliver good old-fashioned entertainment.
0.75 [A] relaxed, beautifully photographed Western.
0.8 Ultimately it was the characters that drew me in, specifically Duvall and Costner's.
0.875 An imperfect but deeply involving and beautifully made Western.
0.75 Open Range is actually pretty good.
0.25 Kevin Costner's Open Range only proves it's time for this cowboy to hang up his spurs.
0.875 A flashback to both the great American western and a form of storytelling where gunshots were not an immediate reaction but a methodical inevitability.
0.8 Costner approaches the project with an earnest nobility that's quite impressive, mainly because Earnest Nobility often becomes Unintentional Hilarity when coaxed too adamantly
0.75 Costner seems to fashion himself as a modern-day Frank Capra, pitting his flawed but morally centered heroes against a system waiting to tear them to shreds.
0.625 Open Range does not reach the heights of such classic Westerns as Red River or Unforgiven. It strives to be classy, which is one of its faults.
0.625 A sincere, big-hearted attempt to revive the classic westerns of John Ford and Howard Hawks, Open Range is more good than bad.
0.4 A ponderous drag.
0.6 Kevin Knows Westerns.
0.5 A striking, if flawed, achievement.
0.6 A harmless but singularly unremarkable oater that takes a long time to reach the Big Shootout.
0.75 From its gorgeous photography...to its brutal, wide-ranging, Peckinpah-worthy climactic shootout, this is some of Costner's best work.
0.625 The actors are so good that you could almost live with the man's- gotta -do-what -a-man's -gotta-do excesses of Craig Storper's script.
0.75 Costner is not the most exuberant actor, but, for the most part, that's an asset here.
0.7 After a long string of bombs, Costner delivers a real winner that will remind people why he won an Oscar for Dances with Wolves.
0.625 A strange mix of the grand and the hackneyed that it never really gets its bearings -- even though, at its best, it reminds us how grand, impure and potentially alive the Western genre can be.
1.0 ...bold, compelling and brilliant...
0.9 Open Range puts Kevin Costner at the reins of a terrific movie.
0.3 It won't be long before Kevin Costner films are viewed by prescription only._ No drug could come close to curing insomnia in the way that Kevin's latest movie does.
0.8 Fits Costner's on screen sensibilities like a glove, making him seem as if he were born to play a craggy faced cowboy and nothing else.
0.625 Good old fashioned Western scenery. Great performance by Duvall. Slow at outset, weak accents, some holes, some implausibles.
0.625 It also helps that Costner doesn't allow the hurt inflicted against his oppressed free grazers to approach the wearisome political correctness of his Dances With Wolves.
0.875 Not only one of the best of the few Westerns made recently, it's also one of the finest Westerns, period.
0.5 Kevin Costner rises up from the carcass of his career to produce, direct and star in a flaccid ode to the classic Western.
0.7 The saga length of the story might have had more impact with less bloat and mythic gravity, a tendency that seems to pursue Costner like an underfed bronco.
0.625 A western that wrestles briefly with Unforgiven introspection before contenting itself with fiddling around with a gun/dog fetish.
1.0 Open Range is a romantic, beautiful, and delightfully authentic Western.
0.4 Kevin keeps all the actors on screen at an energy level that wavers between laconic and stoic and stoic may be overstating the case just a smidge
0.6 Lauded miniseries doesn't glamorize the old West.
0.9 I don't care if the thing was originally made for cable, theatrical, network, or Quicktime. This is one of the very best films I've seen all year.
0.4 It may be an "all-black" Western, but Brothers in Arms would have been pretty darn laughable with actors of any race, creed, or color.
0.75 Alexander, a political writer and radio host, gets riveting, emotional confessionals from the veterans.
0.75 The documentary is well edited, well paced, and feels genuine. It's educational, important and enjoyable independent of the Kerry campaign.
0.5 Basically a longer, less slick version of the official Kerry profile unveiled at the Democratic National Convention.
0.55 Tellingly, [John] Kerry is a much more compelling speaker during a 1970s protest rally than in the contemporary footage, where he carefully chooses his words.
0.625 The four men offer powerful eyewitness testimony against the subsequent charges that Kerry didn't deserve his Silver Star for courage and his three Purple Hearts.
0.8 Filmed before the Swift boat veterans brouhaha, Paul Alexander's partisan documentary is effective filmmaking.
1.0 The movie's main contribution is its fresh look at the Vietnam War, being refought in the Kerry-Bush presidential campaign at the time of the film's release.
0.3 A clumsy, anachronistic Western which casts Candice Bergen as a shrill female lead who's a lot more 1970 than 1864. Unconvincing.
0.4 Bloody, overrated film that fails to stand the test of time
0.6 1970's message movie is one of first pro Native American.
0.75 One of the first Hollywood movies to preach for accord between Native Americans and white civilization. While the liberal ideology is commendable, the portrayal of Cochise by white actor Jeff Chandler is not.
0.75 Obscurely referential, extremely indulgent, and deliriously over-the-top, Django is -- in other words -- everything you'd expect from a Tarantino joint.
0.875 It is plainly a nonstop riot of humor and excitement, and one that matches its delicate nature with an equally calculated sense of importance in leading us to the most satisfying climax possible.
0.75 Low-level Tarantino inspires exploration, but delivers little more than a blood bath.
0.5 The fear, anger and betrayal in Jackson's eyes, when Stephen feels his place is threatened, says more about the cruelties of slavery than the ultra- violent, sickening passages of "Django Unchained."
0.375 Django may be unchained, but his movie could have used some tighter shackles.
0.8 Quentin Tarantino's Django Unchained is a brilliant mixture of over-the-top violence and clever writing, making for the most entertaining film of 2012.
0.8 A bloody masterpiece. Funny, Thrilling, cleverly structured.
0.75 It's a testament to Foxx and Washington's talent, presence, and proven rapport that they keep the central emotional hook strongly present as their underwritten roles are continually pushed to the sidelines by Tarantino's overwriting for others.
1.0 Countless great scenes in the Tarantino universe
0.9 It's exactly what you expect from Tarantino, so if this movie finds itself challenged in any way, it's in being expected.
1.0 ...the time always flies, and Tarantino gives us a lot of movie for our money.
0.8 Tarantino's take on slavery is wildly creative, funny and frightening, true to form yet never predictable.
0.8 Tarantino is, in essence, a classicist who invests the bulk of his drama and tension in lengthy dialogue exchanges that are infinitely more compelling that his elongated sequences of cathartic violence.
0.9 Still wonderfully witty and violent sequences that only Tarantino could manage or dare.
0.875 ...compulsively watchable for the majority of its (admittedly overlong) running time...
0.73 I had a good enough time to wish that it had been better.
0.875 Part-blaxploitation film, part-spaghetti Western and all-Tarantino, 'Django Unchained' comes charging at its audiences with guns a-blazin'. It's not quite up to par with 'Reservoir Dogs' or 'Pulp Fiction,' but it's still Tarantino - enough said.
0.8 It would seem that this film's irreverence isn't a case of didn't-try-can't-fail dismissiveness, but rather something more innocuous: it's simply the world interpreted through Tarantino's boisterous perspective.
0.8 The funniest western since Blazing Saddles, the bloodiest since The Wild Bunch and the most visually stylish since The Good, The Bad & The Ugly.
0.9 Guilty of almost every indulgence [Tarantino] has ever been accused of...but it's hard to hold it against him, when the results are this bloody good
0.8 Impolitic though it might be to suggest it, there's something extremely satisfying about the violence here-though, for my money, it resides less in seeing these racist thugs get their comeuppance, than in the director's staging of it.
1.0 it's fitting that one of the greatest American filmmakers of all time is using the western and blaxploitation genres to connect the enduring blemish on the American psyche - only to set loose a bad motherf*cker to set it right.
1.0 Thrilling, stylish, funny, brutal, superbly-acted, sharply written and wonderfully offensive.
0.9 Django Unchained is a joy. It's fun and foolish, unhinged and unapologetic.
0.8 Possibly Tarantino's most thoughtful and even political film to date.
1.0 It's a big, crazy, hugely entertaining, multilayered piece of filmmaking - a fierce but fiercely intelligent testament to Tarantino's frequently questioned filmmaking proclivities and certainly among the best films he's made.
1.0 Trazendo alguns dos melhores momentos da filmografia de Tarantino, ainda culmina em um climax longo e violento que certamente levara os fas do diretor a orgasmos de sangue.
0.8 Proudly doffing its cap to Sergios Corbucci and Leone, this latest, sprawling exercise in film lore dares to tread where most other white American filmmakers would not.
0.8 Waltz anchors this film brilliantly so that Jamie Foxx as Django and the rest of the all-star cast can fit into Tarantino's latest heady mix of styles.
0.8 Tarantino's best for ages, absolutely not to be missed.
0.8 Tarantino takes an unusually comical approach to a provocative topic, and the result is as controversial as expected. And also startlingly hilarious.
0.8 Densely crammed, unmistakeably excessive Quentin Tarantino dialogue, Django Unchained is his most exciting, accessible and satisfying film for ages.
1.0 A blistering, bullet-ridden bonanza.
1.0 Who needs facts when there is great vengeance, furious anger and the path of righteousness to attend to? The magpie deserves our respect. Always. Forever.
0.8 This is Quentin Tarantino's most entertaining film since Pulp Fiction, and its first hour is brilliantly funny.
1.0 For pure movie enjoyment -- or movie geek (I plead guilty) enjoyment, if you insist -- I hadn't had this much plain fun in a while.
0.4 [A] piece of have-it-all-ways hokum ...
0.8 An arresting, both barrels blazing return to form.
0.8 Not a masterpiece, but a funny, violent, very entertaining crowdpleaser.
1.0 As in all of Tarantino's best films, there is a strange and brilliant magic at work here; a dark, bubbling alchemy of art and junk.
0.6 We're used to Tarantino's films being multi-layered with several plots going on at once, but Django Unchained is a little too simple and, dare I say, dull.
0.8 Shows Tarantino is on winning creative streak, able to engage viewers with a sharply honed script while authentically presenting unpleasant episodes from American history.
0.8 Highly recommended.
0.9 Tarantino often reminds us that film can be used as a weapon. Here he purges all that racial ugliness from the past not by asking its left-leaning audience to whoop and cheer at whitey's demise, but by having our hero do battle with screen history itself.
0.9 This is a wonderful film - it is, but once in a while someone needed to tap Q on the shoulder and tell him to ease up off the gas. A master and a genius, no doubt, but sometimes the Emperor has no clothes too.
0.8 Another strong, sparky and bloody entry in the QT canon.
0.8 If you only see one 'slavery' film this year, make it this one.
0.6 What a pity Tarantino is so busy booking cameos from old spaghetti stars and tipping his Stetson to schlock that he never unchains his most promising brainwave.
0.7 While a little overblown and overly long, a wide range of people will find at least something to like here.
0.8 Pure entertainment, a no-holds-barred dose of double-barreled escapism, built around great characters, great performances and great dialog.
1.0 A tale of empowerment that packs one hell of a cinematic punch, Django Unchained is Tarantino's epic masterpiece.
0.8 It isn't the director's best work by any means, but it retains the excitement and punch inherent in his films. Tarantino's trademark playfulness and verve Django Unchained is a lot of fun.
0.9 A revenge film best served cold.
0.8 A film bursting with pleasures great and small ...
0.875 The film's triumph is the manner in which Tarantino re-envisions cinema's selective appropriation of history and makes it entirely his own
0.7 Django Unchained is part Red Bull and part bloody bubble bath. It's a hoot and a holler.
0.8 This is pretty much exactly what you would want from a Tarantino western.
1.0 Django Unchained is Tarantino's most complete movie yet. It is also his most vital. His storytelling talents match the heft of the tale.
0.84 Tarantino's latest effort isn't his best, it is his most ambitious, and for someone capable of so much, that means quite a lot.
0.625 We're left with an overindulgent shadow of what could have been a much better film.
0.7 Django Unchained offers an embarrassment of riches (and actors in tiny cameos).
0.8 Quentin Tarantino sets his sights on the spaghetti western and delivers on the talky, ultra-violent bombast expected of him in the entertaining and confronting Django Unchained.
0.875 Tarantino's blood-soaked ambiance is perfectly in tune with the more serious undercurrents in his spectacularly enjoyable Django Unchained.
0.6 Tarantino's worst movie is only good...not great.
0.8 A fine example of unabashed bloodletting in the context of the two worst applications of capitalism in our history, bounty hunting and slavery.
0.4 Genre-movie-mad writer-director Quentin Tarantino's foray into Western World is a pretty grave disappointment.
0.7 Pure Tarantino; pure entertainment!
0.875 ... it's a Tarantino Western... people will be screaming, the blood will flow freely and be splattered about, and the explosions are unnecessarily bigger than they have to be.
1.0 he's either a genius or a savant, I don't know, but wholly without equal.
0.7 A lesser work by one of America's most ebullient auteurs.
0.75 Exciting. Funny. Gratuitous. Inflammatory. Insensitive. Stylish. Stupid. Sophisticated. Grab just about any adjective out of a hat and chances are it will apply to Tarantino's messy mashup.
1.0 Django Unchained is everything you want from a Quentin Tarantino movie, with a few new things added in. Powerful, dazzling, and insanely entertaining.
0.875 Tarantino's spaghetti western of the American South is an untamed blast of stylishly rendered, outrageous entertainment.
0.85 The sometimes cartoonish and silly violence serves a purpose: It contrasts the moments of truly disturbing violence that Tarantino puts on display, always within the context of the brutality doled out to slaves at the hands of white masters.
1.0 Slavery reimagined as a messy splatterfest where massa gets exactly what he deserves, and then some!
0.7 Though [it's] propped up by a pair of fantastic performances... it simply doesn't live up to the high standards set by his previous films.
0.9 A daffy, loopy revenge story/Western comedy, this may be Quentin Tarantino's most purely entertaining film since ... ever.
0.375 Django may be unchained, but his movie could have used some tighter shackles.
0.8 Indulgent and excessive, it's Tarantino at his bloody best.
0.75 Despite a bloated running time, it still entertains with Tarantino's trademark combination of humor and violence.
1.0 The director pulls off this look at the horrors of slavery with respect for its subject. With Django Unchained, Tarantino, through his incredible, outrageously violent Spaghetti Western Superman fantasy, tells the truth.
0.5 The players are in fine form. But the movie he's embroiled them all in is a hit-and-miss affair, at times an amusing reimagining of history, more often a blood-spattered bore.
0.75 As an entertaining revenge flick with roots in exploitation films and spaghetti westerns, Django Unchained succeeds. But it never rises above its genre to become a real, affecting emotional experience.
1.0 Quentin Tarantino is seriously warped. But it's in a good way. His fertile imagination produces unique, albeit, violent and almost always, terrific movies.
1.05 If you had pulled me out of the theater one hour into Quentin Tarantino's Django Unchained, I would have raved. The first portion of the movie is utterly exuberant, full of life and the love of moviemaking.
1.0 Brace yourself America, Tarantino's new film "Django Unchained" is a violent, hilarious, riveting force of nature that also just so happens to be the best movie of the year.
0.7 Four or five legitimately great cinematic moments, and across-the-board strong performances, but a bit too long and slow.
0.8 a better grindhouse tribute film and spaghetti western homage than his previous two movies combined
0.75 As hellish as its moral universe may be, those whose stomachs can handle the descent will find that even in Tarantino's world-perhaps especially in his world-those moral questions still matter.
0.75 This is Tarantino's unique take on the western and it's worth seeing for that alone. While it may not be another great film like we were hoping for, it still manages to be one heck of a trip.
0.75 Django Unchained is the most brutal film Quentin Tarantino has ever made.But the movie is also exciting and ironic and, at times, explosively funny: Even at his most serious, Tarantino can't help but entertain and show you a good time.
0.6 As retreads go, Django Unchained is as much a comedown from its predecessor as Lars von Trier's Manderlay was from Dogville.
0.875 There's a case to be made that blood-spattering revenge pictures, no matter how evil the villain, are cultural poison, but if this is what it takes to [get] Don Johnson as a dyed-in-the-wool racist done up as Colonel Sanders, well, so be it.
0.625 "Django Unchained" possesses an unmistakable subversive power, its playfully insurrectionist spirit perhaps the modern-day pop-culture equivalent of far more high stakes rebellions of yore.
0.8 The name of the movie is "Django Unchained," but for all practical purposes it might as well be called "Tarantino Unleashed."
1.0 "Django Unchained" is the most consistently entertaining movie of 2012.
0.75 These characters dance a tense ballet along a razor's edge in the last third of the film, and their verbal sparring is the sound of gauntlets being thrown before things inevitably reach a bloody conclusion.
0.875 Corkscrewed, inside-out, upside-down, simultaneously clear-eyed and completely out of its mind.
1.0 It is digressive, jokey, giddily brutal and ferociously profane. But it is also a troubling and important movie about slavery and racism.
1.0 With a fearless director and his mighty pen freeing a talented cast to attack a vital theme, "Django Unchained" is damnation unleashed.
0.7 In spite of some exceptionally indulgent choices by the fan-favorite director, Django Unchained is another sharp and enjoyable Tarantino effort.
1.0 Django Unchained is pure, nonstop, blood-soaked ecstasy that is satisfying in absolutely every way.
0.9 For a film that's just shy of being three hours long, it never felt bloated; every sequence seemed to have its place, and at the right pace...
1.0 Quentin Tarantino has made a masterpiece! It's the ultimate film geek cinematic treat. It's dark, brutal, funny, compelling, engaging, exciting, expertly crafted and brilliantly conceived.
1.0 Even at 165 minutes, this is a film that speeds by and one gets a sense of Tarantino being fully energized.
0.875 Perhaps I have an askew view of the world or an odd sense of humor, but I found "Django Unchained" to be the funniest Western parody since "Blazing Saddles."
0.7 Ranges from being brilliant, controversial,talky,long and cartoonishly violent. Basically it's Tarantino at his best and worse.
1.0 Underneath all of the bluster and irony, Django Unchained mostly is a buddy film.
0.875 The late holiday season's most dizzyingly imaginative and thoroughly pleasing release, an end-of-year jewel as chock-full of sizzling performances as it is bursting with busted knee caps and spurting innards.
1.0 Jaw-dropping and eye-popping (literally, at one point), "Django Unchained" is a prime example of the glories that can result from a master filmmaker working at the peak of his powers.
0.5 It's too grueling to enjoy and too sloppy to respect.
0.9 Waltz's performance is so captivating and Tarantino's script and direction so well-paced that I hated to see it end, despite its 165 minute runtime.
0.7 ...writer/director Quentin Tarantino may have managed to deliver one of the most unflinchingly realistic depictions of slavery in the Old South to ever grace the screen. QT's vision is ugly and twisted and filled with all kinds of evil.
0.5 Quentin Tarantino has made another movie. Or, rather, Quentin Tarantino has made the same movie again.
0.875 [Tarantino] knows how to use our movie-conditioned anticipation against us. Watching his movie is like playing chess with a wiseguy friend who's always four moves ahead.
0.375 Tarantino wants Django to be a rousing yarn as well as a commentary, but the movie so revels in its carnage that his larger point is drowned in a sea of blood.
0.5 By the two-hour mark the fun had oozed out of the movie for me. It's long. Or feels it.
0.4 There is no earthly reason why Django Unchained needs to be two and three-quarter hours long, other than to indulge its director's love of digressions and monologues.
0.75 People are bound to read racist overtones into the material, but Tarantino has the consciousness of a 12-year-old boy; there's nothing more to his message here than Slavery Is Bad.
0.8 In "Django," Tarantino is a man unchained, creating his most articulate, intriguing, provoking, appalling, hilarious, exhilarating, scathing and downright entertaining film yet.
0.875 By turns dazzling, daring, gruesome and astonishingly funny.
0.875 Tarantino may be the best working director to take scenes of blood, mayhem, and gore and transform them into moments of hilarity.
0.625 It's a live-action, heads-exploding, shoot-'em-up cartoon. Sometimes it crackles, and sometimes it merely cracks.
0.625 Unfortunately, it wears out its welcome about two-thirds through, which means -- no kidding -- 45 more minutes to go.
0.875 [A] chronicle of a most reprehensible chapter in American history, seen through the amoral prism of the Spaghetti Western and drenched in blood and spit -- but mostly blood.
0.4 Tarantino almost saves his picture with his last act showdown but not quite. Getting there was a route too long, too clumsy, and just plain tedious.
0.75 May be the first Tarantino film that doesn't reinvent, transform or elevate its sources into something bracingly fresh, much less necessary.
0.875 The film gives us vintage Tarantino, a pastiche of Western, blaxploitation and Civil War-era movie tropes that's packed with his characteristically rich dialogue.
0.75 It's not much of a stretch to call Tarantino's entertainment-oriented brand of revisionist history tacky, if not deeply offensive, but the energy and audacity with which he executes it is undeniable.
0.4 A mashup of the spaghetti Western Django and '70s blaxploitation Westerns, it offers Tarantino another chance to show off his twist on history. While it worked with Inglourious Basterds, it just comes across as contrived and excessive here.
0.9 Funny, action-packed, and remarkably stylized. It's also a tad too long, containing a few scenes that should have been left on the cutting room floor, which could have resulted in a more streamlined masterpiece instead of merely a heck of a lot of fun.
0.875 Despite the way it functions as flashy entertainment, the weight of slavery can still be felt in Django Unchained.
0.75 Tarantino is clearly having a grand ol' time with Django Unchained, and so are his actors, every one of whom are more than willing to share in the writer/director's filmic vision, no matter how ghastly it may be.
0.5 ''Django Unchained'' is Tarantino at his most puerile and least inventive, the premise offering little more than cold, nasty revenge and barrels of squishing, squirting blood.
0.9 Think of it as the gore-filled antidote to the old-school melodrama of Gone With the Wind.
0.625 Even the explosive final half-hour, featuring the cartoonish flying bodies and splatterrific payback that are the director's brand, fails to provide the catharsis promised by the title.
0.75 "Django Unchained" might have been a revelation in 2005. But after Quentin Tarantino and others have spent years spoofing '60s and '70s genre movies, this mock spaghetti Western tastes like it came out of the microwave.
0.625 Tarantino could do this all day.
0.9 [It's] about racism, damn it, and it portrays that racism in all of its ugliest forms. ... Not always an easy film to watch, and it was certainly made with that purpose in mind.
0.875 It's as though Blazing Saddles has been remade by Monty Python, except Tarantino's voice remains clear ...
0.8 Just when we thought Quentin Tarantino had shown us all the cojones he has, in rides "Django Unchained."
0.9 Django Unchained is the wildest cinematic ride of the year.
0.85 Samuel L. Jackson's wicked house slave Stephen is the raison d'etre for Django Unchained. The layered and loaded Uncle Tom figure speaks to Jackson's legacy of shuckin' and deconstructin' black stereotypes with Tarantino.
0.7 Django is undoubtedly one of the most creative and striking movies of 2012, but it's also one of the most exhausting.
1.0 There has simply been no film this year that awakened, excited, and satisfied my cinematic senses as much as Django Unchained, no film that succeeded better at its own ambitions or, with one or two possible exceptions, set it sights quite so high.
0.6 Few movies have ever dared to stir such highly charged, combustible subject matter into such a cocky cocktail.
0.9 Tarantino blends the Spaghetti western genre with 70s Blaxploitation, creating an insane concoction of vengeance and thoughtfulness, tossing between the disgustingly funny and the most primal notion of violence.
0.4 I've always wondered whether Tarantino would finally grow up. But after seeing his latest spectacular, bloody mess of a movie, frankly, I don't give a damn.
0.8 Might be too much - and too bloody - for certain constitutions, but the rewards are plentiful. Be sure to hunt it down.
1.0 Incendiary and proud of it. The work of a master at the top of his game.
0.8 Perhaps not a great Tarantino film, but an extremely enjoyable one nevertheless, Django Unchained is a thoroughly excessive, gore-soaked odyssey that's blessed with outstanding performances - especially one from Leonardo DiCaprio - above all else.
0.8 Tarantino is aiming for the gut, and the sheer audacity just blows you away.
0.9 It's always so much fun to see something familiar turned into something fresh right before your eyes. Few can do it like Tarantino.
0.8 Tarantino gives us an American Spaghetti Western that's a bloody good time from start to finish.
0.875 Tarantino lives to cross the line. Is Django Unchained too much? ... It wouldn't be Tarantino otherwise.
0.9 All the Tarantino hallmarks are there: engaging story, hilarious dialogue, shocking violence and exciting musical accompaniment.
0.85 The violence, the humor, the strong language all adds up to deliver on the considerable hype that goes when a celebrated director takes on an ambitious project. Here's to your thin red line, Mr. Tarantino...we're happy to step over!
0.8 Tarantino definitely has a point to make about slavery, and it is there, but it is well hidden behind a stout curtain of fun, which is ultimately what you'll get from Django Unchained.
0.8 Vibrating with the geekery of a filmmaker off the chain, the movie plays like no other this year.
0.8 Even as one of his weaker efforts, Django Unchained still ranks higher than most of what comes out over the course of a year.
1.0 I can't wait to see this again.
1.0 Django isn't just a movie only America could make -- it's also a movie only America needs to
0.6 There's a good movie inside Django Unchained, maybe even a great one, but it hasn't been carved out of the lopsided excess.
0.625 There's an undeniable pleasure that emerges in seeing Tarantino juggle the dynamite of his ideas, even when they prematurely pop off in his face.
0.7 Whatever Django's issues, failing to deliver on its promises isn't one of them.
0.3 Frankly, if this flick is somebody's idea of "pro-woman," my guess is that that certain "somebody" probably doesn't know all that many women.
0.4 Great-looking leads in a silly showcase
0.2 Boring Western. Could be empowering, but it's not.
0.6 Young Guns for the ladies. The west never looked so sweet
0.4 awful "girl power" western, with too many girls and not enough power.
0.2 It's hard to maintain the proper mood when your 'bad-***' heroines inspire fits of giggles.
0.7 It's not particularly congruent, but thanks to two terrific performances and director Logan Miller's determination to make his own kind of music, Sweetwater packs one hell of a punch.
0.3 The west has never been less gritty, less pulpy than it is here, with the locale fading into the background when it should be a character in its own right.
0.25 A revenge-fantasy Western that wants to luxuriate in its B-movie roots but suffers from dull direction and an even duller central performance.
0.4 It bludgeons with intent, even dabbling in some "Deadwood"-level verbal shock-and-awe; without wit or intelligence, it's merely baroque affectation playacting at depth.
0.5 As violent act begets silly exchange begets another violent act, "Sweetwater" squanders its noteworthy resources ...
0.1 Unwatchable- one of the worst movies I've ever seen at Sundance.
0.875 It had been so long since a quality western had hit America's screens that it appears as if Eastwood purposely set out to remind audiences of all the elements that make the genre work.
0.625 His saddle bag is a mixed one, though Pale Rider still has the touch of quality associated with latter-day Eastwood. [Blu-ray]
0.6 ...who else would you want coming to your rescue than the Preacher Man With No Name?
0.6 Not Clint's best western, but entertaining enough.
0.8 A severely underrated western, one of Eastwood's most stylish.
0.6 Clint's return to westerns is just ok.
0.8 One of Eastwood's best oaters
1.0 [Eastwood] understands so well how he works on the screen that the movie has a resonance that probably was not even there in the screenplay.
0.8 Clint Eastwood stars as the mysterious stranger who arrives in a town and challenges the citizens to fight evil.
1.0 See it if you haven't.
0.8 Eastwood in fine form.
0.6 Enough magnificence! Is this the third or fourth sequel?
0.8 Rip-snortin', old-fashioned Western, with understated McCrea and hammy Stanwyck a great team.
0.8 Doesn't have the narrative strength of the first in the trilogy but individual scenes are still brilliant and each ingredient in just perfect, cast, score, tone...
0.9 Most fans pick The Good, The Bad, and The Ugly as the stand-out, but I really like this one best.
0.8 A tremendously good sequel, on top of being a tremendously good movie in and of itself - surely the best Italian Western at the time of its release.
0.6 More violence and Clint-itude in Italian Western.
0.84 He indulges in a certain sexually-charged imagery lifted straight from film noir
1.0 By introducing the character of Mortimer, Leone is able to counterpoint Eastwood's cold, amoral gunslinger with a man who has a past and a purpose.
0.8 Another must-see Italian speghetti western.
0.8 Clint's spaghetti oater #2 has its stylistic, no-name moments.
0.4 The fact that this film is constructed to endorse the exercise of murderers, to emphasize killer bravado and generate glee in frantic manifestations of death is, to my mind, a sharp indictment of it as so-called entertainment in this day.
0.6 The weak link in the "Dollars" trilogy, but still a good ride.
0.4 Clint Eastwood, just as the spagetti western schtick was beginning to get old.
0.75 Here is a gloriously greasy, sweaty, hairy, bloody and violent Western. It is delicious.
0.75 Though it's about a half-hour too long, For a Few Dollars More is overall a much more exciting and involving film [than the original].
0.6 Not as good as the third sequel but still very entertaining.
0.8 A delicious second helping of Clint & Sergio!
0.9 One excellent western.
1.0 Underrated.
0.8 Apesar do final que soletra a mensagem do filme, e um western atipico, denso e, principalmente, corajoso para sua epoca.
0.875 Movies dealing with law and order rarely fall out of fashion simply because their themes remain forever relevant. This classic Western is no exception.
0.8 ...the movie suggests we had better look to doing the right and decent thing before we act on a majority decision made in the heat of the moment.
0.9 one of the saddest movies ever produced
1.0 It should tell you something that this was among Orson Welles' favourite films
0.8 Packs a pretty incredible emotional punch in its brief 75 minutes.
0.6 Studio-bound (it looks like a 50s TV film), but powerful
0.6 How can a Western featuring a madam with a shooting ivory leg be as bad as critics warned? It's not. And 'The Lone Ranger,' for all its flaws, is still a fun popcorn movie.
0.6 a bloated but entertaining studio juggernaut.
0.75 A sense of joy in Verbinski's action runs through and energizes the entire film, and it's an ingratiating quality that should not be so easily and quickly dismissed.
0.625 Depp has done the kooky, costumed character shtick so many times, it's no longer surprising to see him bury his index finger into the desert sand, then lick it
0.8 It's certainly not your ol' man's "Lone Ranger," Kemo Sabe, but there's still plenty of kicks and stunts to make you wanna shout, "Hi-O, Silver! Away!"
0.2 The Lone Ranger is a noisy, never-ending nonsensical mess, which easily tops the flops in the silly season of summer blockbusters. Last year, director Gore Verbinski made the Oscar winning animation Rango, this year, he's flogging a dead horse.
0.8 The first genuinely characterful action blockbuster of the summer: both a big, beautifully realised throwback to Hollywood Boy's Own storytelling and an intelligent revision of Old West history.
0.6 Everything about this film screams excess, from the ludicrous two-and-a-half hour running time to the whopping scale of the action sequences to Johnny Depp's bizarro costume.
0.8 It's at times the most exciting live action film for years.
0.6 It's no sort of masterpiece. But The Lone Ranger is a good deal less dreadful than advance word has suggested.
0.4 Gallops across our skulls for two and a half hours, pounding them into the same kind of desert as that on screen: a barren flatland with occasional rearing outcries of rock.
0.6 Flying as high as an eagle or scampering across the tracks like a lizard, Verbinski's camerawork is off the-chain and the visual-effects are first class.
0.6 Verbinski clearly knows how to stage action, with outstanding train-based set-pieces bracketing the film.
0.6 An enjoyable Western adventure enlivened by strong performances, stunning location work and some exciting action set-pieces ...
0.2 Verbinski has surely modified this film's running time using dastardly new temporal-distortion technology, so that each of its 149 minutes contains 250 seconds. The South American landmass peeled off from the western seaboard of Africa quicker than this.
0.6 The Lone Ranger is a curio on a gigantic scale; a colossal, misunderstood mistake that will win you over with weird if only you'll let it.
0.4 It's perhaps no coincidence that the film ends up on a runaway locomotive as this feels like a train wreck throughout.
0.4 Frustrating, lazy and lifeless.
0.6 It's among the most captivating failures you will see this year.
0.8 Gorgeously shot, brilliantly acted and recklessly ambitious.
0.6 As Eric Morecambe once said, "I'm playing all the right notes, but not necessarily in the right order."
0.8 Talk about a pleasant surprise! Real storytelling, well thought-out and beautifully, at times insanely, executed, with excitement, laughs and fun to make you feel seven years old again.
0.4 Ultimately, it's not as awful as Wild Wild West. But we'll hazard a guess that Pirates 5 can't come quick enough for Bruckheimer or Depp.
0.7 Without a doubt, Depp's performance of Tonto is one of finest of his career. It's a movie of great adventure and humour. Sorrowful and nostalgic.
0.6 British audiences may well embrace the film's oddness - and blatant anti-American stance - which while not always successfully executed, means there is rarely a dull moment.
0.375 Stuck with a character they can't really transform or darken, they instead turn him into a galloping joke in a white hat and black mask, which makes it extraordinarily difficult to care about his exploits, no matter how inventively staged they might be.
0.5 "This is also notable for a sympathetic depiction of Amerindians that attempts to appease those who might be offended by Tonto. It also proves that FX steam trains are really, really dull."
0.6 As with most big films these days, The Lone Ranger is about 30 minutes too long...but when the Lone Ranger theme inevitably kicks in for the film's amazing train-borne action finale you can't help go all needles and pins.
0.5 The horse is funnier than Armie Hammer who plays the good soldier and lets everyone else around him make an impression while he languishes in bland-ville.&#8233;
0.4 Disney spent over $200 million to prove The Lone Ranger is too old-fashioned for such a newfangled, smart-aleck world.
0.7 The transformation of the title character from naive idealist to vigilante of justice is capped with a perfectly timed device that boosts the film with all its excesses and eccentricities to an exhilarating movie experience.
0.75 This irreverent and eccentric epic spoof/critique of American (and movie) history ignores Clayton Moore while embracing the unholy Mad Magazine cinephilia of the animated 'Rango,' the previous Western collaboration between Depp and Verbinski...
0.6 A decent- though not spectacular- summer spectacle that goes on for way too long.
0.0 If I'd had anything to do with it, I'd be wearing a balaclava and writing under an assumed name.
0.4 There's no reason such a durable set of characters and tropes couldn't ride again. Verbinski and Bruckheimer just aren't the types to do the necessary streamlining.
0.2 Even Depp Can't Raise Praise For This Film
0.625 "Ranger" undone by schizophrenic tone.
0.4 The Lone Ranger staggers drunkenly from antic comedy to soulful solemnity to bloody horror without ever quite settling, or deciding what it is.
0.6 A strange and fascinating and often thrilling movie artefact.
0.2 Yeah...this was a mistake.
0.5 Mostly handsome, it sounds terrific, and when it wants to be exhilarating, it knows how to be; but the story is an epic disaster of bloat and confusion.
1.0 A film that is at once divinely silly, surprisingly deep and deceptively complex.
0.7 A fresh look at the Lone Ranger legend with Johnny Depp outstanding as Tonto.
0.5 There's a solid story in here somewhere, but sadly it's suffocated under layers and layers of overindulgence.
0.6 If you can embrace the easy-going spectacle of it all and its general respect for the Lone Ranger legacy, you'll probably enjoy it.
0.25 Your expectations of how bad The Lone Ranger is can't trump the reality.
0.5 Too long, too weird and too darn tootin' unfunny.
0.375 The good bits are like the seeds that end up on the bottom of bird cages, tasty tidbits momentarily visible before getting covered in crap.
0.6 I laughed, I had fun, but there is something annoyingly non-committal about the direction and tone. And why not just call it "Tonto" and be done with it? Who are we kidding?
0.625 Yes, there's a cloud of dust. Yes, there's a hearty 'Hi-yo, Silver!' And yes, there's a marvelous chase scene to the 'William Tell Overture.' But it takes a long, long time before 'The Lone Ranger' transitions into the iconic masked lawman.
0.4 A complete tonal disaster and one of the goofiest attempts at trying to execute a western with an action/adventure aesthetic
0.75 Despite the padding, "The Lone Ranger" moves extremely well, capturing many of the qualities that made "Pirates of the Caribbean" so much fun.
0.25 Overblown, stupid, loud, unfunny, and completely maddening in its undisguised assumption that you'll swallow this nonsense whole.
0.625 Bloated and uneven attempt to revive a long dead franchise.
0.625 It's ultimately clear that the only thing standing in the way of The Lone Ranger's unqualified success is its severe overlength...
0.375 What would Jay Silverheels say? Tonto laugh at bad movie, cannot fix with editing, much money wasted.
0.2 There may be a way to mix the monumental tragedy of the Native American genocide with a screwball comedy about a well-meaning chucklehead and his mystically addled Comanche sidekick, but Gore Verbinski has not found it
0.8 Johnny doesn't take his Jack Sparrow shtick to new Depp-ths.
0.1 Between this and The Green Hornet, the Reid Family has been royally screwed by Hollywood.
0.5 He will not ride again.
0.6 The film ends with a bang, which makes up for a lot of the dragging that happens in the middle. It runs a bit long, but I did enjoy watching a good chunk of it.
0.4 Clearly they are trying to turn Tonto into another Captain Jack Sparrow, but it doesn't work.
0.7 Most of us know the short and sweet Clayton Moore/Jay Silverheels TV version, but Gore Verbinski -- as he proved in Pirates of the Caribbean -- can't do anything quickly.
0.3 At one point in the movie, the Lone Ranger is dragged through manure, which begs for comment. But it's self-explanatory.
0.375 I'm all for senseless violence in movies, but there is so much death and destruction going on here, you start to wish something nice would happen for once.
0.4 Certain audience members will enjoy this Lone Ranger but it's style over substance that fails to elevate the series in any meaningful (or particularly exciting) way.
0.875 It's as obsessive and overbearing as Steven Spielberg's "1941"-and, I'll bet, as likely to be re-evaluated twenty years from now, and described as "misunderstood."
0.4 Unfortunately, the director's only good decision in this bloated action movie is his choice of when to use the William Tell Overture on the soundtrack.
0.5 When it comes to mining boys' adventure stories, defaming pirates may be fair game, but stories about western justice and native Americans? Not so much.
0.4 The Lone Ranger stokes the legend but its smoke signals only add to the haze.
0.4 At one time, the Lone Ranger's appeal was simple, but this movie seems to be doing everything possible to obscure it.
0.5 [Verbinski] crams as much big-budget exhilaration into his movie as its origin story will permit, creating a film less about its namesake as it is large-scale action sequences, explosions, and CGI stunts.
0.5 Who, exactly, was this bipolar oater made for?
0.4 Occasionally entertaining but overlong and overly violent.
0.5 "'The Lone Ranger' takes forever to get to its final destination"
0.625 The tone varies wildly but there's still some fun to be had and the movie's massive budget shows up on the screen.
0.75 Prompts 'The Cosplay Kid' of the Comic-Con era of cinema to swallow the sins of our forefathers and the ones we countenance today.
0.375 There's something jarringly misanthropic about screenwriters Justin Haythe, Ted Elliott, and Terry Rossio's rendition of the iconic hero...
0.4 This slapdash effort just doesn't cut it, which makes me wonder if the Ranger wouldn't have been better off remaining in those thrilling days of yesteryear.
0.55 I give RANGER a maginal "Fix" rating. I kind of liked it, especially that thrilling opening sequence that cannot be matched by the spaghetti Western comedy that follows.
0.5 Director Gore Verbinski has adopted the more-is-better approach he used in the Pirates of the Caribbean series, crowding the movie with so many extraneous characters and subplots that the film becomes an endurance test.
0.75 A wild, wacky, wide-screen reimagining of the vintage radio serial and TV series, the film - with Armie Hammer in the hat and mask, galloping across Texas righting wrongs, and Depp as his trusty Indian sidekick, Tonto - is an epic good time.
0.375 I mean, no wonder Depp's in disguise. No wonder Hammer wears a mask. Wouldn't you?
0.3 The real problem with the new "Lone Ranger" is that, for those who are familiar with the multibillion-dollar "Pirates of the Caribbean" franchise, there is little fresh or exciting about what we have here.
0.5 Depp's performance isn't nearly endearing enough to make the onslaught of vulgar flapdoodle tolerable.
0.4 Shot mostly across scenic landscapes in New Mexico, Colorado and Utah, including Monument Valley, [it acts] as a visual tribute to some of the great Westerns of history shot by the likes of John Ford. This Lone Ranger won't be joining their ranks.
0.6 It's a touch bloated, but it just might be the most enjoyable Pirates of the Caribbean movie since the first one. (Yes, I said Pirates of the Caribbean.)
0.6 Somewhere in there is an entertaining film, but The Lone ranger stretches your patience mightily.
0.25 For the vast majority of the movie, they view each other with skepticism and suspicion. ... No warmth, no esteem exists between them. Even at the end, when they ride off together ... Tonto gets in one last dig at his masked companion.
0.5 If "The Lone Ranger" weighs itself down again and again, at least it finally delivers during a stunning third-act set-piece that at long last incorporates all of the elements that should have been readily up on the screen throughout.
0.75 There's an "everything and the kitchen sink" overkill in the story. ... Verbinski manages to keep it all reined in, barely.
0.2 James Badge Dale at least makes the most of his little screen time; couldn't we have had him be the lone ranger?
0.25 Cursed with useless dialogue, non-existent chemistry and (the worst sin of all) a boring story, "The Lone Ranger" proves that not even the Independence Day spirit horse always backs the right man.
0.8 What can I say? I love a good, old-fashioned Western, and this one delivers.
0.5 Disney's big screen adaptation of the classic radio serial is like the Pirates movies in many ways, and unfortunately, that includes the bad along with the good.
0.65 Veering between gruesome villains and silly humor, the film never quite figures out what works and when enough's enough.
0.75 ... not so bad a companion piece to the better-and-better Rango as initially feared.
0.45 Tone deaf, it's as if Verbinski's prior film, 2011's marvelous Rango, got lost amid the Trail of Tears in a buddy comedy served up with a side of Hannibal Lecter.
0.8 I love this western, in part for its bravado, its excesses and its insanity. Even for its absurd 149-minute running time.
0.5 Not a disaster, but it has the feel of a production victimized by overthinking, tinkered with in an attempt to maximize its appeal to every possible audience.
0.8 With terrific acting, abundant directorial splash, and a healthy dose of anticipation anarchy, The Lone Ranger looks destined to succeed. If it does fail, it will be a spectacular disaster.
0.25 Despite its impressively staged set pieces, The Lone Ranger can't survive the epic train wreck resulting from its own tonal clashes, wherein mournful scenes of genocide and stolen immigrant labor are tastelessly juxtaposed with silly slapstick humor.
0.5 Except for the dynamite finale, "The Long Ranger" feels like a long, slow ride to the dump, to the dump, to the dump, dump, dump.
0.7 It wouldn't work as well as it does if Hammer and Depp didn't play off one another as well as they do. But work it does, in a sort of shambling, Frankenstein manner that seems like it should fall apart at any moment but doesn't.
0.3 In trying to balance grandiosity with playfulness, to lampoon cowboy-and-Indian cliches while taking somber account of a history of violence, greed and exploitation, it descends into nerve-racking incoherence.
0.375 It's a messy, unfocussed tale, even before Verbinski starts trying to create Fast and Furious-style chase scenes with nothing but steam locomotives.
0.625 The Lone Ranger is too often as vast and empty as Utah's Monument Valley. Only the film's wide stretches aren't awe-inspiring so much as much as tiring.
0.75 Those who go to The Lone Ranger because it stars Johnny Depp will come away satisfied by a performance that reminds them of his Pirates of the Caribbean character.
0.25 Instead of a noble savage, Depp gives us a comic savage - Willy Wonka with a dead bird on his head.
0.625 It's not until the last 15 minutes, when "The William Tell Overture" arrives in its full glory, that this starts to feel a little like The Lone Ranger. But that's too little, too late.
0.5 It takes forever to get everybody's backstory, and a pointless framing device set 60 years after the main action weighs down an already bloated screenplay.
0.5 The Lone Ranger has some of the playful silliness of Rango but the Verbinski/Depp collaborations it more closely resembles are the worst Pirates of the Caribbean movies.
0.0 A movie for the whole family to avoid... 2 1/2 of the longest hours on record, a jumbled botch that is so confused in its purpose and so charmless in its effect that it must be seen to be believed, but better yet, no. Don't see it, don't believe it...
0.375 The movie, of course, barrels toward climax upon climax, and while possibly better photographed, the crashes, bangs, and booms are no less numbing than anything else you've seen in this summer of garbage blockbusters.
0.5 Just another long, bloated, would-be epic.
0.4 The Lone Ranger is a $250-million mess, saved from catastrophe only by the opportunity to see another eccentric performance by Johnny Depp.
0.5 As inventive and appealing as Depp remakes his Tonto, he can't compete with producer Jerry Bruckheimer's exhaustive, spectacular action overkill with explosions, bullets, chases and silly stunts that go on until tomorrow.
0.5 The film is a bloated, incoherent would-be epic that stumbles like a horse that stepped in too many plot holes and came up lame.
0.75 The Lone Ranger succeeds on all counts -- perhaps too well. The movie is so imaginative, so brimming with ideas that it can't quite decide what to be.
0.25 How/why/wherefore did it turn out this way? The evidence suggests a combination of hubris, errant revisionism, a misguided and perverse degree of violence, and a script that never worked in the first place.
0.375 A horse of an indifferent color.
0.5 A handsomely photographed but sloppily plotted homage to the classic serial hero that also acts as a cinematic cousin to the Caribbean franchise.
0.3 I strongly suggest tuning in to the last chunk of 'The Lone Ranger' when it appears on basic cable.
0.6 It's 'Pirates of the Caribbean' in the Old West. Any resemblance between the old-time radio/TV Western and this theme-park-ride-ready-to-happen is exactly what Disney had in mind.
0.375 Like watching an elephant tap dance in your living room: Everything gets trampled and the dancing's not very good.
0.4 "The Lone Ranger" is a frustrating exercise in overkill, a kind-of, sort-of interesting idea buried in summer-movie excess.
0.2 Not quite a parody but broader than an homage, The Lone Ranger fights itself at every turn.
0.125 [A] bloated, misshapen mess, a stillborn franchise loaded with metaphors for its feeble attempts to amuse, excite and entertain.
0.5 It's not quite funny enough to be a comedy, nor quite exciting enough to be an action film - until the last 20 minutes or so, when it's a little too late.
0.15 Tries so hard to be every kind of movie at once that it ends up being no kind of movie at all.
0.5 The Lone Ranger may feature excellent direction from Gore Verbinski, but it is a tonally disastrous mess as a whole, and features perhaps the single worst performance of Johnny Depp's career.
0.5 Funny stuff good, violence, preachy historical revisionism bad.
0.4 They worked so hard to make a movie out of The Lone Ranger, responding to the pleas of absolutely no one. Calls for a sequel will be even less thunderous.
0.625 You ride along with inconsistencies because Ranger is building toward a final showdown. When that showdown disappoints, you feel every minute of the film's 2 1/2-hour length.
0.5 It's a 2 1/2-hour slog, with tonal inconsistencies and monotonous, drawn-out action sequences. Scenes alternate between frenetic and tedious.
0.625 In the end, The Lone Ranger is one hot mess -- an entertaining one, to be sure, but still a mess.
0.625 The movie takes a more old-fashioned approach to thrills. It appears to showcase as many stuntmen as it does digital compositors.
0.4 It's all too much and not enough-a succession of disparate, can-you-top-this episodes inelegantly piling up like skidding cars on a freeway.
0.5 The Lone Ranger is a tonally imbalanced Western adventure, but random comedic gems mixed with the perfect dose of Depp make this franchise reawakening a serviceable cinematic escape.
0.5 Perplexes as much as it entertains with a strong left of centre ideology clashing with the conservative roots of its action western genre.
0.3 Director Jordan fails to deliver a film worthy of such mythical figure.
0.2 Ned Kelly suggests that not only do you not need anything of interest to watch, but you don't even need to see it at all.
0.375 Ultimately, Jordan's vision is so murky that Ned Kelly remains as foreign to us as wombat stew.
0.6 A ride that doesn't take us far enough.
0.6 Details such as the film's stark Victoria locations and the clunky suits of steel armor the Kellys fashion for the climactic showdown root things in a distinctive time and place, allowing viewers to experience the familiar storyline in a fresh way.
0.4 This is a traditional western, not a great one...
0.25 A leaden retelling of the legend of Australia's Jesse James that has understandably been sitting on the shelf for a couple of years.
0.625 A handsome, action-packed biographical drama with a credibility gap wider than the screen.
0.625 Ledger, talking into his chest for much of the film in an apparent effort to lend gravity to his performance, is pretty stiff, but so is Jordan's direction.
0.625 This handsomely produced historical drama never fully engages your attention.
0.5 To get swept up by the hagiographic treatment and to be all that interested in every nuance of this fellow's development, one might really need to be Australian.
0.6 Jordan's nightmarish vision of the Australian landscape is vividly haunting.
0.375 It just couldn't get any duller.
0.6 Heath Ledger makes this good guy gone bad seem worthy of his legendary status - he makes it easy to root for the outlaws.
0.625 The production is always engaging, always compelling, but to what end? What happens in Australia after Ned Kelly and his band make their mark? The film doesn't say.
0.625 Jordan stages the action scenes with energy and aplomb; when his heroes dive headlong into mythology, they do it with gusto and plenty of ammunition.
0.5 Monotonous and drags toward the end.
0.4 There is a potent national epic struggling to find expression here, but this movie is too rushed and fragmented to do it justice.
0.4 A highly formal and conventional film that is too often merely ponderous when it should be stirring.
0.4 starts off as predictable but enjoyable nonsense and goes so thoroughly off the rails,
0.625 Begs for deeper answers, but never provides them.
0.375 Think Braveheart Down Under-an impossibly masturbatory, unilateral act of hero worship.
0.6 An unkempt, enjoyable retelling of the life story of an Australian legend.
0.7 It's an exciting movie filled with plenty of action, adventure, beautiful cinematography and best of all, terrific performances.
0.7 At last! A feature film about Australia's greatest outlaw and folk hero that, while not reaching five-star status, all Australians can be proud of.
0.7 an exciting movie filled with plenty of action, adventure, beautiful cinematography and best of all, terrific performances..Ledger is fantastic as Kelly
1.0 Bogart is phenomenal as Fred C. Dobbs, a decent guy destroyed by his lust for gold, and the film itself is one of the immortals of cinema.
0.8 an unconventional western and a serious drama
0.875 A finely-crafted western-style character drama where greed and paranoia drive desperate men over the edge.
1.0 Transcends the medium to become a mandatory viewing experience for anyone that identifies themselves as a human being, period.
1.0 an all-time masterpiece of characterization, structure, pacing and storytelling in general
0.9 Humphrey Bogart's maniacal Fred Dobbs is one of moviedom's great characterizations, a conglomeration of cunning, greed and paranoia.
1.0 This is so brilliant that the only real effect of the other versions is to make you want to watch the original again.
1.0 A pure classic.
1.0 True treasure of cinema, terrific on all counts.
0.8 An undeniable classic, but far from perfect.
1.0 The movie has never really been about gold but about character, and Bogart fearlessly makes Fred C. Dobbs into a pathetic, frightened, selfish man -- so sick we would be tempted to pity him, if he were not so undeserving of pity.
1.0 ... so good that writing about it is embarrassing.
1.0 Sierra Madre is one of the most lush black & white films ever shot. You'll never look at a gila monster the same way after seeing it slither across the sand in this film.
0.9 ...one treasure of a movie.
1.0 Greed, a despicable passion out of which other base ferments may spawn, is seldom treated in the movies with the frank and ironic contempt that is vividly manifested toward it in Treasure of Sierra Madre.
1.0 An all-time classic; Bogart wonderful, but Walter Huston steals the show; a timeless treasure not to be missed.
0.8 Uma fabulosa atuacao de Humphrey Bogart (completamente esquecido no Oscar daquele ano, numa das maiores injusticas que a Academia ja cometeu).
1.0 Arguably John Huston's greatest film, this powerful study of masculinity under pressure retains its power.
0.6 This last gasp MGM musical still features enough curiousity to make it worthwhile.
0.6 Not as bad as some would make you believe. But I'm still not looking forward to that Clint Eastwood Sings Sinatra album.
0.4 About as fun as painting a wagon.
0.7 ...a surplus of good, hummable tunes, breezy dialogue and characterizations, beautiful location shots, and excellent DVD transfer.
0.6 OK Lone Ranger western, but inferior to great Clayton Moore first Ranger feature.
0.625 suffers from ... lack of imagination and limited scope
0.75 One of the earliest elegies to the dying of the West.
0.4 O roteiro (vencedor do Oscar, acredite ou nao) e cheio de cliches; e o final, esquematico. Katy Jurado foi indicada ao premio aparentemente por dizer 'My hOsband' o tempo todo.
